DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Distributor

Electric City of Illinois L.L.C.

Electric City of Illinois LLC

Company

Electric City Corp.

7th day of September, 1999.

Unless  earlier   terminated   otherwise  provided                   therein,  this  Agreement,  subject to the  commencement  date                   established  in Section 1.3,  shall be effective  immediately.

The term of this  Agreement  shall be ten (10)                            years (the "Term")  which shall  commence on the date                            upon which the Company  delivers to  Distributor  the                            last Sample, as defined  hereinafter.

The term of this  Agreement  shall be ten (10)                            years (the "Term")  which shall  commence on the date                            upon which the Company  delivers to  Distributor  the                            last Sample, as defined  hereinafter.

If Distributor                            complies with all of the terms of this Agreement, the                            Agreement  shall be  renewable on an annual basis for                            one (1) year terms for up to  another  ten (10) years                            on the same terms and conditions as set forth herein.

This Agreement is to be construed according to the laws          of the State of Illinois.

The Company appoints the Distributor as an  exclusive  distributor  of Products in the Market,  subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Company  hereby   appoints                            Distributor as Company's exclusive distributor within                            the Market and grants to  Distributor  the  exclusive                            right  to sell and  distribute  Products  within  the                            Market,   and   Distributor   hereby   accepts   such                            appointment  and such grant,  in accordance  with the                            terms and conditions of this  Agreement.

The  Distributor  shall  not order or                   purchase Products from any source other than the Company.

Term of the  Agreement  and for a period of  eighteen





                           (18) months thereafter,  nor will Distributor solicit                            any  customer  or  potential  customer  of Company to                            purchase a competitive product during that period.

Distributor further agrees that it will not interfere                            with or  otherwise  disrupt  the  business  relations                            between the Company or nay of its  affiliates and any                            of their current or prospective customers,  suppliers                            or distributors, during the

During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of                            twelve (12) months  thereafter,  the  Distributor (on                            behalf of itself,  each of its affiliates and each of                            their respective representatives) agrees that it will                            not  directly  or  indirectly  solicit  or  hire  any                            executive,  managerial  or technical  employee of the                            Company or any of its affiliates.

Distributor  shall exercise its option to                   become  exclusive  Distributor of other Products or devices by                   serving  written  notification  on Company of its  election to                   become  exclusive  distributor  within  thirty  (30) days upon                   which  Company  informed  Distributor  in writing of Company's                   intention  to  introduce   other   Products  or  devices.

Should Company  introduce  other products or                   devices as contemplated by recital paragraph "A",  Distributor                   shall  have  the  option  of  becoming   Company's   exclusive                   distributor  of such  other  Products  or  devices  within the                   Market.

If                   Distributor  does not exercise its option as herein  provided,                   Company may  distribute  the other  Products or devices within                   the Market itself or through other distributors.

In  the  event  either  party  (a)  becomes                   adjudicated insolvent,  (b) discontinues its business, (c) has                   voluntary of  involuntary  bankruptcy  proceedings  instituted                   against  it, or (d) makes an  assignment  for the  benefit  of                   creditors, the other party shall be entitled to terminate this                   Agreement effective immediately upon written notice.

No  assignment  of this  Agreement  or any  right                   accruing  hereunder  shall be made by the Distributor in whole                   or in part,  without the prior written consent of the Company,                   which  consent  shall  not  be  unreasonably  withheld.

The Company  also  reserves  the right to                            increase  or  decrease  the price  per unit  based on                            Company   wide   changes   in  unit   prices  to  all                            distributors of the Company,  provided however,  that                            any price changes, other than those based on the CPI,                            shall be uniformly applied to all distributors of the                            Products   and  shall   reasonably   applied  to  all                            distributors  of the  Products  and shall  reasonably                            reflect Company's costs of manufacturing the Products                            and/or  market  demand  for  the  Products,  provided                            further  than any increase in price based upon market                            demand   shall   not  be  so  great  as  to   deprive                            Distributor  of  its  normal  and  customary   profit                            margin.

The prices set forth in                            Section   2.4(a)  shall  be  subject  to   adjustment                            annually  on the  first  day  of  each  Product  Year                            beginning in the calendar  year 2000 and on the first                            day of each succeeding Product Year for the remainder                            of the Term and all  renewals  of this  Agreement  in                            proportion   to  the  increase  or  decrease  in  the                            Consumer  Price Index (CPI) as compared to the CPI as                            it  existed  on the  first  day of the  Term  of this                            Agreement.

In                            order  to  maintain  the  exclusive  rights  to sell,                            lease, distribute and service Products in the Market,                            the Distributor must use all commercially  reasonably                            efforts to purchase for sale to  subdistributors  the                            following minimum quantities of the Products from the                            Company:

         On the  commencement of the Term  Distributor will issue to the Company an  irrevocable  letter of credit ("LC") in the amount of Five Hundred  Thousand Dollars  ($500,000),  the form of which is  attached  hereto  as  Exhibit  A and incorporated  herein by reference.

Company's representatives will                            make themselves available three days per month in the                            first   Product   Year  to  consult  with  and  train                            Distributor.

If the  Distributor  shall fail to purchase the minimum number of units in any year, the  Distributor's  exclusive rights to sell and distribute the Product in the Market,  may at Company's sole option, be reevaluated.

A minimum of a $250,000.00  purchase  order  must be  received  by Company by the first of each month for a total (12) month  period.

(A)    375 units in the first Product Year (1999)

                  (B)    750 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2000)

                  (C)    937 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2001)

                  (D)    1,171 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2002)

                  (E)    1,463 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2003)

                  (F)    1,828 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2004)

                  (G)    2,285 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2005)

                  (H)    2,856  unit each in the lat  three  years of                          the initial Term of this  Agreement  and any                          renewals thereof.

Company  hereby   appoints                            Distributor as Company's exclusive distributor within                            the Market and grants to  Distributor  the  exclusive                            right  to sell and  distribute  Products  within  the                            Market,   and   Distributor   hereby   accepts   such                            appointment  and such grant,  in accordance  with the                            terms and conditions of this  Agreement.

The Company  hereby grants the  Distributor                            the right to do business  and use the name  "Electric                            City of  Illinois"  or a  similar  variation  thereof                            (collectively   the   "Names")  for  use  under  this                            Agreement.

Upon the expiration or termination of                   this  Agreement,  pursuant to Section  4.1 or 4.2 hereof,  the                   Company may, at its option to be  exercised  within 30 days of                   the date of the termination of this Agreement, and in its sole                   discretion,  repurchase  any Products in the possession of the                   Distributor  at the net invoice price paid by the  Distributor                   to  the  Company  less  any  applicable  special   allowances,                   discounts, shipping or allowances for cooperative advertising.

Following  expiration or                   termination of this Agreement, the Distributor may continue to                   sell any Products in the Market which are in its inventory

If Company  terminates  the  Agreement  without  cause and for                   reasons other than  Distributor's  failure to meet its minimum                   expectations;   it  shall   repurchase  from  Distributor  any                   unopened  Product,  and shall bear all shipping,  handling and                   related  costs  notwithstanding  any other  remedies  to which                   Distributor  may be  entitled.

and which the Company has not repurchased.

In the event of any  damages or                            other  defect in a  Product  which is  discovered  by                            Distributor   within   365   days   of   satisfactory                            installation  of  a  Product  at  Distributor's  or a                            subdistributor's   customer,  the  Distributor  shall                            promptly   report  the  same  to  the   Company   and                            reasonably  demonstrate the defect to the Company.

The                            Company shall not have any obligation with respect to                            Products  after  365  days   following   delivery  to                            Distributor, except as provided herein.

In the event that Company is unable or unwilling to                   promptly  perform any warranty work without  reasonable  cause                   and following  full and fair  opportunity  to do so, or in the                   event of the necessity  for  emergency  repairs of a defective                   Product  for  which  there  is no  reasonable  possibility  of                   performance by Company,  Distributor may perform such warranty                   work or hire a third party to perform such  warranty  work and                   the reasonable cost thereof shall be paid by Company.

If, within the twenty-four  (24) month warranty                   period set forth above,  Company  received from Distributor or                   any of  Distributor's  end-user's  a notice  which may be oral                   notice  confirmed in writing)  that any of the  Products  sold                   hereunder do not meet the Warranties  specified above, Company                   shall  thereupon  correct  each such defect by  providing  the                   necessary repairs,  and/or replacement parts, or if necessary,                   Products.

The  Company  represents  that,  to the  best  of its                            knowledge,  Products are in compliance with all laws,                            and  that  the  Products  will  not be  hazardous  or                            dangerous  when  used  for  their  intended  purpose.                            Products  do not  cause  harmful  emissions  or other                            environmental  hazards and Products do not violate or                            infringe any patents, copyrights, trademarks or other                            rights  of  nay  third  party(ies).

The Company reserves the                   right to reject any Products  that are not factory  sealed and                   in new and unused  condition.

If Company does not give Annual                            Notice  pursuant to Section  3.1 hereof,  Distributor                            may, within 90 days of  modification,  improvement or                            alteration,  return the Products to the Company.

Company  further  warrants that the                   Products sold hereunder  shall be free from defects in design,                   materials and  workmanship  for a period of  twenty-four  (24)                   months after delivery to Distributor's  end-user.

Company will carry a reasonable                   amount of product  liability  insurance  through a  reasonably                   acceptable  products liability insurance company and will name                   the  Distributor  as an additional  insured under that policy.                   Company  will make  reasonable  efforts  to  procure a policy,                   which is non-cancelable, except upon thirty (30) days, advance                   notice to the Distributor.

During the Term of this Agreement and                   for three  years  thereafter,  the  Distributor  (on behalf of                   itself and each of its affiliates) agrees not to commence,  or                   provide any  information to or otherwise  assist any person or                   entity in  connection  with,  any suit,  action or  proceeding                   contesting the ownership,  validity or  enforceability  of any                   patent,  copyright,  trademark,  trade name or other propriety                   right owned by or licensed to the Company,  whether  currently                   existing or hereinafter invented, developed or acquired unless                   required to by court order.

Promotion and Distribution Agreement

Google

Distributor

Google Inc

Whitesmoke Inc.

1 August 2011

"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month  within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue  for the Term.

This Agreement is governed by English law and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in  relation to any dispute (contractual or non-contractual) concerning this Agreement save that either party may apply to any court for an  injunction or other relief to protect its Intellectual Property Rights.

For the  avoidance of doubt, a Change of Control shall be deemed an assignment hereunder unless [ * ] does not exercise its [ * ].

For the avoidance of doubt, if following [ * ] there is a transfer of shareholding or interests in Distributor to any existing or new  shareholder(s) which results in any person or persons subsequently gaining Control of Distributor, then Google may exercise its right to  terminate in accordance with this clause 5.4.

[ * ] expected to experience, or [ * ] is experiencing, such  Change of Control shall notify [ * ] in writing of this before or within [ * ] after the Change of Control.

[ * ] may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice if there is a Change of Control of [ * ]. In this  Clause the term "Control" shall mean the possession by any person(s) directly or indirectly of the power to direct or cause the direction  of another person and "Change of Control" is to be construed accordingly.

[ * ] may [ * ]any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of [ * ].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Google grants to Distributor a [* ] license during the  Term to: (a) bundle the Distribution Products, in machine-readable binary code format only, solely with Distributor App(s); (b) distribute  Bundles directly (or indirectly, subject to Clause 2.2 (Third Party Distribution)) to End Users in the Territory; (c) when indicated by the  applicable Criteria Checker and requested by the End User in accordance with clause 3.2 (Form of Distribution Offering), install the  Chrome Browser or the Google Toolbar (as applicable) on the End User's system using the Google Installers; and (d) reproduce (or have  reproduced by Third Party Distributors as defined in Clause 2.2 (Third Party Distribution)), the Distribution Products to the extent  necessary to exercise the rights granted in (a), (b) and (c).

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Google grants to Distributor a limited, [ * ] license  during the Term to use the Google Trademarks, in accordance with Google's trademark usage guidelines, solely to market and promote the  Products consistent with this Agreement, provided that all use of the Google Trademarks shall be subject to Google's prior review and  advance written consent.

During the Term, and for a period of [ * ] thereafter, Google may audit Distributor's relevant records to confirm  Distributor's compliance with this Agreement.

Subject to Clauses 9.1 and 9.2, neither party shall be liable under this Agreement (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) for any:

  (a) loss of anticipated savings;

  (b) loss of business opportunity (which for the avoidance of doubt shall not include loss of advertising revenue);

  (c) loss of or corruption of data;

  (d) loss or damage resulting from third party claims; or

  (e) indirect or consequential losses;
     suffered or incurred by the other party (whether or not such losses were within the contemplation of the parties at the date of this  Agreement).

Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit either party's liability for:

  (a) death or personal injury resulting from the negligence of either party or their servants, agents or employees;

  (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;

(c) breach of any implied condition as to title or quiet enjoyment; and

  (d) misuse of confidential information.

Subject to Clauses 9.1 and 9.2, each party's total liability under or in connection with this Agreement (whether in contract, tort or  otherwise) arising in any Contract Year is limited to the greater of:

  (a) [ * ] Euros ([ * ] Euros); and

  (b) [ * ]% of the total payment due to the Distributor in the relevant Contract Year pursuant to Clause 4 (Payment Terms).

Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit either party's liability under Clause 10 (Indemnities), or Distributor's liability under Clause  2 (License Grants and Restrictions), Clause 3.5 (Exclusivity), Clause 3.6 (End User License Agreement) and Clause 3.7 (Accurate  Reproduction) or Clause [ * ].

Subject to Clauses 9.1 and 9.2, neither party shall be liable under this Agreement (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) for any:

  (a) loss of anticipated savings;

  (b) loss of business opportunity (which for the avoidance of doubt shall not include loss of advertising revenue);

  (c) loss of or corruption of data;

  (d) loss or damage resulting from third party claims; or

  (e) indirect or consequential losses;
     suffered or incurred by the other party (whether or not such losses were within the contemplation of the parties at the date of this  Agreement).

Subject to Clauses 9.1 and 9.2, each party's total liability under or in connection with this Agreement (whether in contract, tort or  otherwise) arising in any Contract Year is limited to the greater of:

  (a) [ * ] Euros ([ * ] Euros); and

  (b) [ * ]% of the total payment due to the Distributor in the relevant Contract Year pursuant to Clause 4 (Payment Terms).

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event shall the [ * ] paid or payable to Distributor by Google pursuant to Clause 4.1  (Payments) exceed the [ * ].

The foregoing Clauses 10.1 to 10.5 states the parties' entire liability and exclusive remedy with respect to infringement of a third party's  Intellectual Property Rights.

Google warrants that the Distribution Products will for a period of [ * ] from the date of their supply to Distributor be free from any defect  which has a materially adverse effect on their use or operation.

JOINT FILING AGREEMENT

Shelby J. Butterfield

Co-Trustee

March 27, 2020.

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

ADAMS GOLF

TOM WATSON

ADAMS GOLF, LTD.

CONSULTANT

January 13, 2005

The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].

The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].

This Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of Kansas.

When endorsing a non-competitive product, under no circumstances shall CONSULTANT wear, play, use, hold or in any way be associated with an ADAMS GOLF competitor's Product.

CONSULTANT hereby gives and grants to ADAMS GOLF the exclusive right and license to use CONSULTANT'S ENDORSEMENT in connection with the manufacture, sale, distribution, advertising and promotion of PRODUCT in the CONTRACT TERRITORY.

During the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall exclusively play/use the MANDATORY PRODUCT.

During the term of this Agreement, unless otherwise authorized at the sole discretion of ADAMS GOLF in writing, CONSULTANT shall not:   A.give the right to use or permit the use of CONSULTANT'S name, facsimile signature, nickname, voice or likeness to any other manufacturer or seller of PRODUCT;

B.sponsor or endorse PRODUCT made or sold by any other manufacturer or seller; or

C.serve as a CONSULTANT or advisor of any other manufacturer or seller of PRODUCT.

Notwithstanding paragraphs 4A, 4B and 4C above, CONSULTANT shall be entitled to endorse and play the [*****].

Notwithstanding  paragraphs 4A, 4B and 4C above, CONSULTANT  shall not be required to wear ADAMS  GOLF [*****] in [*****] ads.

The parties expressly  agree that CONSULTANT may  permit [*****] the use of CONSULTANT'S  name and/or likeness in [*****] print and/or television advertisement provided that this is executed in a manner consistent with [*****] past  [*****] advertising practice using similarly situated professional golfers  with competing golf club endorsement agreements that include [*****].

(It is expressly understood by the parties that CONSULTANT may play [* ****] clubs in the bag other than ADAMS GOLF clubs including, but not limited to, a putter by a manufacturer other than ADAMS GOLF but may not endorse those clubs and/or putter.)

Neither ADAMS GOLF nor CONSULTANT shall have the right to grant sublicenses hereunder or to assign, alienate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder.

If for any reason, CONSULTANT should achieve a satisfactory record of play in less than [*****] SPGA and/or PGA tour events in a calendar year, he shall repay ADAMS GOLF an amount per event for each event under [*****] achieved in the given calendar year as follows:

The agreed upon repayment amount per event per calendar year:

1.  Year 1. $[*****] 2.  Year 2 $[*****] 3.  Year 3 $[*****] 4.  Year 4 $[*****] 5.  Year 5 $[*****]

In each and every calendar year of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall achieve a satisfactory record of play in a minimum of [* ****] professional golf association events on the SPGA and/or PGA tour (which shall include both the PGA and SPGA Tour Skins Games).

"MANDATORY PRODUCTS" shall mean the following ADAMS GOLF PRODUCTS  that CONSULTANT must exclusively play/use in all Champions/Senior Professional Golf Association (SPGA) and Professional Golf Association (PGA) events at all times:

[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.   2





  1.[*****] 2.Sufficient [*****] to maintain total minimum of [*****] ADAMS GOLF  [*****] (includes [*****])[*****] at all times

During  the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT  shall make himself available on not more than [*****]  days for television and radio commercials, photo shoots, modeling and  promotional appearances compatible with CONSULTANT'S  own practice, play and personal time requirements.

CONSULTANT hereby gives and grants to ADAMS GOLF the exclusive right and license to use CONSULTANT'S ENDORSEMENT in connection with the manufacture, sale, distribution, advertising and promotion of PRODUCT in the CONTRACT TERRITORY.

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Kiromic, Inc

Company

Gianluca Rotino

Consultant

July 20, 2018

This letter agreement will be effective as of July 1, 2018.

This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to its conflicts of law principles.

Without limiting the foregoing, Consultant agrees to use his or her best efforts (A) to segregate Consultant's

Services performed under this Agreement from Consultant's work done for any other companies for whom Consultant is providing services so as to minimize any questions of disclosure of, or rights under, any inventions, (B) to notify the Company if at any time the Consultant believes that such questions may result from his or her performance under this Agreement and (C) to assist the Company in fairly resolving any questions in this regard which may arise.

Consultant hereby certifies that Consultant has no outstanding agreement or obligation that is in conflict with any of the provisions of this Agreement, or that would preclude Consultant from complying with the provisions hereof, and further certifies that Consultant will not enter into any such conflicting agreement during the term of this Agreement.

Subject to written waivers that may be provided by the Company upon request, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, Consultant agrees that, during the term of this Agreement, Consultant will not directly or indirectly (i) participate in the formation of any business or commercial entity in the Field of Interest or otherwise competitive with the Company.

Either Consultant or Company may terminate this Agreement upon prior written notice thereof to the other party.

Consultant shall not subcontract any portion of Consultant's duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Company.

Neither this Agreement nor any right hereunder or interest herein may be assigned or transferred by Consultant without the express written consent of Company.

The Company will compensate Consultant at the rate of $400 per hour (19 hours cap monthly; anything over these hrs must be preapproved by management), payable in accordance with the Company's standard payroll schedule, and subject to withholding as legally required.

to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of such intellectual property rights thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Consultant.

Consultant agrees that if Company is unable because of Consultant's unavailability, mental or physical incapacity, or for any other reason, to secure Consultant's signature to apply for or to pursue any application or registration for any intellectual property rights covering any Invention, then Consultant hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Consultant's agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and in Consultant's behalf

Consultant agrees to sign, execute and acknowledge or cause to be signed, executed and acknowledged without cost, but at the expense of Company, any and all documents and to perform such acts as my be necessary, useful or convenient for the purposes of perfecting the foregoing assignments and obtaining, enforcing and defending intellectual property rights in any and all countries with respect to Inventions.

Consultant hereby irrevocably assigns to Company all right, title and interest in and to any information (including, without limitation, business plans and/or business information), technology, know-how, materials, notes, records, designs, ideas, inventions, improvements, devices, developments, discoveries, compositions, trade secrets, processes, methods and/or techniques, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, that are conceived, reduced to practice or made by Consultant alone or jointly with others in the course of performing the Services or through the use of Confidential Information (collectively, 111nventions").

Consultant agrees that if, in the course of performing the Services, Consultant incorporates into any Invention developed hereunder any invention, improvement, development concept, discovery or other proprietary subject matter owned by Consultant or in which Consultant has an interest ("Item"), Consultant will inform Company in writing thereof, and Company is hereby granted and shall have a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide license to make, have made, modify, reproduce, display, use and sell such Item as part of or in connection with the exploitation of such Invention.

Consultant agrees that if, in the course of performing the Services, Consultant incorporates into any Invention developed hereunder any invention, improvement, development concept, discovery or other proprietary subject matter owned by Consultant or in which Consultant has an interest ("Item"), Consultant will inform Company in writing thereof, and Company is hereby granted and shall have a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide license to make, have made, modify, reproduce, display, use and sell such Item as part of or in connection with the exploitation of such Invention.

Upon the termination of this Agreement, or upon Company's earlier requests, Consultant will deliver to Company all property relating to, and all tangible embodiments of, Inventions in Consultant's possession or control.

AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT

Nissin Kogyo Co., Ltd.

Nissin Kogyo Holdings

"Nissin Holding")

Veoneer AB

"NBZ" and together with Nissin and Nissin Holding, the "Nissin Parties"

Zhongshan Nissin Industry Co., Ltd.

Nissin

USA, Inc.

"Veoneer US" and together with Veoneer AB, the "Veoneer Parties"

Veoneer US, Inc.

October 30, 2019

October 30, 2019

This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.

This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.

This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Japan.

Remarketing Agreement

Deutsche Bank Trust Company America

MetLife, Inc.

Remarketing Agents,

Deutsche Bank

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

Company

Stock Purchase Contract Agent

August 26, 2014

obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.

In addition, the

THIS REMARKETING AGREEMENT AND THE PRICING AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH PRINCIPLES WOULD REQUIRE OR PERMIT THE APPLICATION OF LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.

Notwithstanding the provisions of this subsection (d), no Remarketing Agent shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the applicable Securities remarketed by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Remarketing Agent has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

as an insurance company in its respective jurisdiction of incorporation and is duly licensed or authorized as an insurer in each other jurisdiction where it is required to be so licensed or authorized to conduct its business, in each case with such exceptions as would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; except as otherwise described in the Disclosure Package, each Insurance Subsidiary has all other approvals, orders, consents, authorizations, licenses, certificates, permits, registrations and qualifications (collectively, the "Approvals") of and from all insurance regulatory authorities to conduct its business, with such exceptions as would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation that could reasonably be expected to lead to any revocation, termination or suspension of any such Approval, the revocation, termination or suspension of which would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and, to the knowledge of the Company, no insurance regulatory agency or body has issued any order or decree impairing, restricting or prohibiting the payment of dividends by any Insurance Subsidiary to its parent which would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Each Insurance Subsidiary is in compliance with and conducts its businesses in conformity with all applicable insurance laws and regulations of its respective jurisdiction of incorporation and the insurance laws and regulations of other jurisdictions which are applicable to it, in each case with such exceptions as would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Each Significant Subsidiary that is required to be organized or licensed as an insurance company in its jurisdiction of incorporation (each, an "Insurance Subsidiary" and collectively, the "Insurance Subsidiaries") is licensed

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

"FTE" or "Subcontractor"

FTE Networks, Inc.

EDGE

FTE

EDGE Communications Solutions, LLC

17t h day of February 2016

17t h day of February 2016

THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i

After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a month to month basis until terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other setting forth the effective date of such termination.

After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a month to month basis until terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other setting forth the effective date of such termination.

The construction, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and all transactions under it shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, irrespective of its conflict of law principles.

Subcontractor, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year thereafter, shall not, directly or indirectly, for itself or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other person, partnership, corporation, business or organization, solicit, hire, contract with or engage the employment of an employee of EDGE with whom Subcontractor or its personnel have contact as a result of Subcontractor's performance of this Agreement, unless Subcontractor (i) obtains the written consent of EDGE, as applicable, and (ii) pays EDGE as applicable a fee to be mutually agreed upon

In the event Subcontractor directly employs or contracts with an employee of EDGE without the consent of EDGE, Subcontractor shall pay as liquidated damages two times the then monthly salary of the employee for a three-month period of time.

After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a month to month basis until terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other setting forth the effective date of such termination.

Subcontractor shall not assign any right or interest under this Agreement (excepting monies due, or to become due) or delegate or subcontract any Work or other obligation to be performed or owed under this Agreement without prior consent of EDGE.

Should the Agreement expire during the period of performance, all remaining Work of each Purchase Order will be completed under the terms of the Agreement then in effect on the date of award for each respective Purchase Order, unless modified in writing by mutual consent of the parties.

As set forth in the Exhibit, EDGE shall have the opportunity to review and inspect all elements of the Work in a reasonable manner.

In the event Subcontractor directly employs or contracts with an employee of EDGE without the consent of EDGE, Subcontractor shall pay as liquidated damages two times the then monthly salary of the employee for a three-month period of time.

If within one (1) year from the date of completion of Work acceptance, or within one (1) year from the completion of all other work or services and acceptance by EDGE (or within any longer materials warranty period as set forth above), any defects exists or arise, then in each case upon receipt of notice of such defect, Subcontractor shall (unless EDGE chooses another remedy) promptly cause such defect(s) to be repaired or remedied at Subcontractor's sole cost and expense, including but not limited to the costs of transportation, uncovering, removal, disposal, replacement, correction, installation and covering.

These warranties extend to the future performance of the materials and shall continue for the longer of (a) the warranty period applicable to EDGE' sales to Customer of the material or of products which incorporate the material, (b) one year after the material is accepted by EDGE or (c) such greater period as may be specified elsewhere in this Agreement. Repaired and replacement material shall be warranted as set forth above in this clause.

Umbrella/Excess Liability with limits of not less than $5,000,000 in excess of all the above-referenced Commercial General Liability, Employer's Liability and Business Auto Liability, except the following Subcontractor classifications will have limits of not less than the following: HVAC $2,000,000, Landscaping and Fencing $1,000,000. Such Umbrella/Excess Liability policies shall follow form to the terms and conditions of the underlying coverages and shall include a drop down feature in the event any underlying limits are exhausted.

Commercial General Liability Insurance providing the limits of coverage written on an occurrence basis, in no event less than $1,000,000 combined single limit and $2,000,000 in the aggregate for personal and bodily injury and death arising therefrom and Broad Form property damage arising out of any one occurrence in connection with the Work or any part thereof, which insurance shall include coverage with the same minimum limits for contractual liability and completed operations liability.

EDGE's acceptance of or failure to object to the submitted documents does not constitute approval of coverage that is not in compliance with this Agreement or as acceptance or affirmation of the adequacy or applicability of such insurance.

A copy of the (i) certificate(s) of insurance and (ii) endorsements, acceptable to EDGE, shall be submitted to EDGE prior to commencement of any Work and renewals or replacements of such certificates shall be so delivered at least 30 days prior to the expiration or termination of each such policy.

General Liability and Umbrella/Excess Liability policies must have "per location or per project" aggregates.

All insurance must be written on an "occurrence" basis.

Subcontractor expressly acknowledges while EDGE retains the right to review the insurance provided by Subcontractor and' Lower-tier Subcontractors, EDGE is not obligated to perform such review.

Workers' Compensation Insurance as required by state law where the Work is performed. Employer Liability insurance with limits of at least $1,000,000 for each occurrence.

EDGE and Mediacom, LLC shall be named as an additional insured.

Motor Vehicle Insurance covering bodily injury, death of a person or property damage arising out of the ownership, maintenance or use of any motor vehicles in an amount not less than $1,000,000 combined single limit for personal and bodily injury and death.

Subcontractor shall obtain at its own cost and expense and maintain the insurance in full force and effect during the term of the Agreement as required herein.

A copy of the insurance policies shall promptly be made available to EDGE upon EDGE' request.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

Trust

Domini Advisor Trust

Domini Social Investments LLC

"Domini" or the "Sponsor"

February 4, 2005

February 4, 2005

This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.

This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced and interpreted in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without reference to principles of conflicts of law.

This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, with respect to any series or the Trust, by the Board of Trustees of the Trust, or by the Sponsor, in each case on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party.

For the services to be rendered and facilities to be provided by the Sponsor hereunder, the Trust shall pay Domini a fee accrued daily and payable monthly at an annual rate equal to 0.50% of the Trust's average daily net assets for the Trust's then current fiscal year.

Limitation of Liability of the Sponsor.

SAMPLE OF NON-DISCLOSURE AND NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT

Franchisee

___________________________

Member

this  _____ day of _________, 20___

Member covenants and agrees that during the term of the Franchise Agreement, except as otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor, Member shall not, either directly or indirectly, for itself, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person, persons, partnership, corporation, or entity: (i) Own, manage, engage in, be employed by, advise, make loans to, consult for, rent or lease to, or have any other interest in business that (directly or indirectly) operates, or grants franchises or licenses to operate, a restaurant featuring pizza and related food specialties or that offers products or services substantially similar to those then offered by Pizza Fusions Restaurants ("Competitive Business");

Member covenants and agrees that during the Post-Term Period (defined below), except as otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor, Member shall not, either directly or indirectly, own, manage, engage in, be employed by, advise, make loans to, consult for, or have any other interest in any Competitive Business that is, or intends to operate, within a three (3) mile radius of the premises of your Franchised Business or within a three (3) mile radius of any Franchised Business then-operating or under construction to operate under the System.

Member covenants and agrees that during the term of the Franchise Agreement, except as otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor, Member shall not, either directly or indirectly, for itself, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person, persons, partnership, corporation, or entity:

(ii) Divert or attempt to divert any business or customer, or potential business or customer, to any Competitive Business;

Member covenants and agrees that during the term of the Franchise Agreement, except as otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor, Member shall not, either directly or indirectly, for itself, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person, persons, partnership, corporation, or entity:

(iii) Induce any person to leave his or her employment with Franchisee or Franchisor.

Member hereby acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with the right to enforce it, independently or jointly with Franchisee.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT, d

CERENCE INC.

SpinCo

NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

Nuance

September 30, 2019

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which counterparts shall be considered one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the other Party.

Any disputes relating to, arising out of or resulting from this Agreement, including to its execution, performance, or enforcement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of Laws thereof.

This Agreement may be terminated by Nuance at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Distribution; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the termination of the Separation Agreement in accordance with its terms.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Party to this Agreement (or any of its successors or permitted assigns) (a) shall enter into a consolidation or merger transaction in which such Party is not the surviving entity and the surviving entity acquires or assumes all or substantially all of such Party's assets, (b) shall transfer all or substantially all of such Party's assets to any Person or (c) shall assign this Agreement to such Party's Affiliates, then, in each such case, the assigning Party (or its successors or permitted assigns, as applicable) shall ensure that the assignee or successor-in-interest expressly assumes in writing all of the obligations of the assigning Party under this Agreement, and the assigning Party shall not be required to seek consent, but shall provide written notice and evidence of such assignment, assumption or succession to the non-assigning Party.

Any purported assignment without such consent shall be void.

Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement, including the licenses granted pursuant to this Agreement, shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party.

In order to carry out the intent of the Parties with respect to the recordation of the transfers of any registrations or applications of Nuance IP or SpinCo IP, as applicable, to the extent the ownership thereof has transferred from a member of the Nuance Group to a member of the SpinCo Group, or vice versa, pursuant to the Separation Agreement or any other Ancillary Agreement, the Parties shall execute intellectual property assignments in a form substantially similar to that attached as Exhibit A1 (the "Patent Assignment Agreement"), Exhibit A2 (the "Trademark Assignment Agreement"), Exhibit A3 (the "Domain Name Assignment Agreement") and Exhibit A4 (the "Invention Disclosure Assignment Agreement") as well as such additional case specific assignments as deemed appropriate or necessary under applicable Laws (collectively, the "Intellectual Property Assignment Agreements") for recordation with the appropriate Governmental Authority.

shall retain those licenses granted to it under this Agreement, provided that the license shall be limited to the business, products or services (as applicable) of the Divested Entity as of the date of divestment and such natural development thereof within the Nuance Field of Use (where Nuance is the divesting Party) or SpinCo Field of Use (where SpinCo is the divesting party).

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, Nuance hereby grants to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 3.01(g)) license under the Nuance Patents, solely to the extent that claims of the Nuance Patents cover products or services of the SpinCo Business in the SpinCo Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof, in each case to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise exploit such products and services, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants to Nuance and the members of the Nuance Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.01(g)) license to continue to use any SpinCo IP (other than SpinCo Patents, SpinCo Technology Assets, SpinCo Trademarks, SpinCo Domain Names and SpinCo Data), in each case solely as and to the extent that it is used by the Nuance Group in connection with products and services of the Nuance Business within the Nuance Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

In the event a Party divests a line of business or line of products or services by (a) spinning off a member of its Group by its sale or other disposition to a Third Party, (b) reducing ownership or control in a member of its Group so that it no longer qualifiers as a member of its Group under this Agreement, (c) selling or otherwise transferring such line of business, products or services to a Third Party or (d) forming a joint venture with a Third Party with respect to such line of business, products or services (each such divested entity or line of business, products or services, a "Divested Entity"), the Divested Entity

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, Nuance hereby grants to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 3.01(g)) license to continue to use any Nuance IP (other than Nuance Patents, Nuance Technology Assets, Nuance Trademarks and Nuance Data), in each case solely as and to the extent that it is used by the SpinCo Group in connection with products and services of the SpinCo Business within the SpinCo Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, Nuance hereby grants to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 3.01(g)) license to install, access, use, reproduce, perform, display, modify (including the right to create improvements and derivative works), further develop, sell, manufacture, distribute and market products and services based on, using or incorporating the Nuance Shared Technology Assets within the SpinCo Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants to Nuance and the members of the Nuance Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.01(g)) license to install, access, use, reproduce, perform, display, modify (including the right to create improvements and derivative works), further develop, sell, manufacture, distribute and market products and services based on, using or incorporating the SpinCo Shared Technology Assets within the Nuance Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants to Nuance and the members of the Nuance Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.01(g)) license under the SpinCo Patents, solely to the extent that claims of the SpinCo Patents cover products or services of the Nuance Business in the Nuance Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof, in each case to make, have made use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise exploit such products and services, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Notwithstanding the forgoing, subject to Section 4.02(b) and ARTICLE VI, members of the Nuance Group may only sublicense the SpinCo Shared Technology Assets pursuant to terms and conditions as protective as those under which it licenses its own Technology of a similar nature and value, and in any event terms and conditions that provide for commercially reasonable protection for the source code, structure and other confidential and proprietary elements of the SpinCo Shared Technology Assets.

The licenses granted in Sections 4.01(a), (b) and (c) to the Nuance Group include the right to grant sublicenses within the scope of such licenses only to members of the Nuance Group and, without any further right to sublicense, to their respective (i) contractors, distributors, manufacturers and resellers, in each case solely for the benefit of the Nuance Business and (ii) end users and customers, in each case solely in connection with the use of products and services of the Nuance Business.

The licenses granted in Sections 4.01(a), (b) and (c) to the Nuance Group include the right to grant sublicenses within the scope of such licenses only to members of the Nuance Group and, without any further right to sublicense, to their respective (i) contractors, distributors, manufacturers and resellers, in each case solely for the benefit of the Nuance Business and (ii) end users and customers, in each case solely in connection with the use of products and services of the Nuance Business.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, Nuance hereby grants to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 3.01(g)) license under the Nuance Patents, solely to the extent that claims of the Nuance Patents cover products or services of the SpinCo Business in the SpinCo Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof, in each case to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise exploit such products and services, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

The licenses granted in Sections 3.01(a), (b) and (c) to the SpinCo Group include the right to grant sublicenses within the scope of such licenses only to members of the SpinCo Group and, without any further right to sublicense, to their respective (i) contractors, distributors, manufacturers and resellers, in each case solely for the benefit of the SpinCo Business, and (ii) end users and customers, in each case solely in connection with the use of products and services of the SpinCo Business.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants to Nuance and the members of the Nuance Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.01(g)) license to continue to use any SpinCo IP (other than SpinCo Patents, SpinCo Technology Assets, SpinCo Trademarks, SpinCo Domain Names and SpinCo Data), in each case solely as and to the extent that it is used by the Nuance Group in connection with products and services of the Nuance Business within the Nuance Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, Nuance hereby grants to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 3.01(g)) license to continue to use any Nuance IP (other than Nuance Patents, Nuance Technology Assets, Nuance Trademarks and Nuance Data), in each case solely as and to the extent that it is used by the SpinCo Group in connection with products and services of the SpinCo Business within the SpinCo Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, Nuance hereby grants to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 3.01(g)) license to install, access, use, reproduce, perform, display, modify (including the right to create improvements and derivative works), further develop, sell, manufacture, distribute and market products and services based on, using or incorporating the Nuance Shared Technology Assets within the SpinCo Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants to Nuance and the members of the Nuance Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.01(g)) license to install, access, use, reproduce, perform, display, modify (including the right to create improvements and derivative works), further develop, sell, manufacture, distribute and market products and services based on, using or incorporating the SpinCo Shared Technology Assets within the Nuance Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants to Nuance and the members of the Nuance Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.01(g)) license under the SpinCo Patents, solely to the extent that claims of the SpinCo Patents cover products or services of the Nuance Business in the Nuance Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof, in each case to make, have made use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise exploit such products and services, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, Nuance hereby grants to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 3.01(g)) license under the Nuance Patents, solely to the extent that claims of the Nuance Patents cover products or services of the SpinCo Business in the SpinCo Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof, in each case to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise exploit such products and services, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants to Nuance and the members of the Nuance Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.01(g)) license to continue to use any SpinCo IP (other than SpinCo Patents, SpinCo Technology Assets, SpinCo Trademarks, SpinCo Domain Names and SpinCo Data), in each case solely as and to the extent that it is used by the Nuance Group in connection with products and services of the Nuance Business within the Nuance Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, Nuance hereby grants to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 3.01(g)) license to continue to use any Nuance IP (other than Nuance Patents, Nuance Technology Assets, Nuance Trademarks and Nuance Data), in each case solely as and to the extent that it is used by the SpinCo Group in connection with products and services of the SpinCo Business within the SpinCo Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, Nuance hereby grants to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 3.01(g)) license to install, access, use, reproduce, perform, display, modify (including the right to create improvements and derivative works), further develop, sell, manufacture, distribute and market products and services based on, using or incorporating the Nuance Shared Technology Assets within the SpinCo Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants to Nuance and the members of the Nuance Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.01(g)) license to install, access, use, reproduce, perform, display, modify (including the right to create improvements and derivative works), further develop, sell, manufacture, distribute and market products and services based on, using or incorporating the SpinCo Shared Technology Assets within the Nuance Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants to Nuance and the members of the Nuance Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.01(g)) license under the SpinCo Patents, solely to the extent that claims of the SpinCo Patents cover products or services of the Nuance Business in the Nuance Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof, in each case to make, have made use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise exploit such products and services, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Without limiting the terms set forth in Section 6.09 of the Separation Agreement, none of Nuance, SpinCo or any other member of either Group shall in any event have any Liability to the other or to any other member of the other's Group under this Agreement for any indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages, whether or not caused by or resulting from negligence or breach of obligations hereunder and whether or not informed of the possibility of the existence of such damages.

SpinCo agrees that it will not (i) oppose, challenge, petition to cancel, contest or threaten in any way, or assist another party in opposing, challenging, petitioning to cancel, contesting or threatening in any way, any application or registration by Nuance or its Affiliates or their respective licensees for any Nuance IP, (ii) engage in any act, or purposefully omit to perform any act, that impairs or adversely affects the rights of Nuance or any member of the Nuance Group in and to any Nuance IP or (iii) apply for any registration (including federal, state and national registrations) with respect to the Nuance IP.

Nuance agrees that it will not (i) oppose, challenge, petition to cancel, contest or threaten in any way, or assist another party in opposing, challenging, petitioning to cancel, contesting or threatening in any way, any application or registration by SpinCo or its Affiliates or their respective licensees for any SpinCo IP, (ii) engage in any act, or purposefully omit to perform any act, that impairs or adversely affects the rights of SpinCo or any member of the SpinCo Group in and to any SpinCo IP or (iii) apply for any registration (including federal, state and national registrations) with respect to the SpinCo IP.

MASTER SUPPLY AGREEMENT

Seller

Seller and Buyer are referred to individually at times as a "Party" and collectively at times as the "Parties".

REYNOLDS CONSUMER PRODUCTS LLC

PACTIV LLC

Buyer

November 1, 2019

November 1, 2019

The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.

This Agreement and all claims or causes of action arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the State of Illinois and the United States of America, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws.

A change of control shall be deemed an assignment requiring consent hereunder provided that any transfer or assignment that results in Seller's and Buyer's current common parent, Reynolds Group Holdings Limited, ceasing to control either party shall not require consent of the other party.

A change of control shall be deemed an assignment requiring consent hereunder provided that any transfer or assignment that results in Seller's and Buyer's current common parent, Reynolds Group Holdings Limited, ceasing to control either party shall not require consent of the other party.

This Agreement, its rights and obligations, is not assignable or transferable by either Party, in whole or in part, except with the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

Notwithstanding the preceding sentences, this Subsection will not limit the liability of a Party for any amount or type of damages for: (1) the defense and indemnification of an Indemnified Claim on which the Party is the Indemnifying Party; (2) infringement by the Party on the intellectual property of the other Party; (3) the unauthorized disclosure or use by the Party of the Confidential Information of the other Party; (4) payment or reimbursement of any amount expressly required to be paid or reimbursed by the Party under a provision of this Agreement; or (5) the intentional misconduct of the Party in violation of Applicable Laws.

Each Party waives any right to recover consequential, incidental, indirect, exemplary, punitive or any other types of indirect damages from the other Party for a breach of this Agreement.

If a Buyer receives a product that fails to conform to these representations and warranties, the sole remedies of Buyer for the breach of warranty will be to: (1) reject and return the non-conforming product to Seller for a refund or credit, or a replacement conforming product, in the manner and time period provided in the SOP; (2) obtain reimbursement from Seller for actual, reasonable, substantiated out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Buyer in the recovery, return or disposal of a non-conforming product that is the subject of a mandatory product recall required under Applicable Laws or a voluntary withdrawal declared by Seller or approved by Seller (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); and (3) obtain indemnification from Seller for any Indemnified Claim arising from or related to the non-conforming product as provided in Section 7.

A Party that breaches this Agreement will only be liable to the other Party for direct damages arising from the breach.

Automobile Liability Insurance. Occurrence based coverage with a combined single limit of at least $10,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate for owned, non-owned, and hired automotive equipment of the Party. Requires additional insured endorsement and waiver of subrogation endorsement.

All insurance of an insuring Party must be "primary and non-contributory" with respect to any insurance that the other Party may maintain, but only with respect to the negligence or other legal liability of the insuring Party.

Property Insurance. Coverage providing "all risk" property insurance at the replacement value of the machinery, equipment, fixtures, tools, materials and other property of the Party. "All risk" coverage will include, by way of example and not limitation, loss or damage resulting from earthquakes, floods, wind, fire or other natural or weather-related phenomenon. Requires waiver of subrogation endorsement.

Commercial General Liability Insurance. Occurrence based coverage with a combined single limit of at least $10,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate for premises and operations; products and completed operations; contractual liability coverage for indemnities of a Party contained within this Agreement; broad form property damage (including completed operations); explosion, collapse and underground hazards; and personal injury. Requires additional insured endorsement and waiver of subrogation endorsement.

Employers' Liability Insurance. Occurrence based coverage with a limit of at least $10,000,000 per occurrence or any greater limits set by Applicable Law workplace and work related injuries and illnesses to the employees of a Party. Requires waiver of alternate employer endorsement.

All insurers of a Party on such policies must have at all times an A.M. Best financial rating of at least "A-Minus VII".

An insuring Party must deliver the following written evidence of the required insurance coverage to the other Party (Attention: Risk Management), or its designated insurance monitoring service, within ten (10) of written request and at least thirty (30) days in advance of the expiration of a then current policy term (if a declaration or endorsement is not available from an insurer at the time requested or required, an insuring Party will provide them as soon as the declaration or endorsement is available from the insurer): i. Certificate of insurance confirming that the required insurance coverage and minimal limits are met for the extended, renewed or replacement policy term. ii. Declaration pages of insurance policy (or a copy of the binder until the declaration pages are available) confirming that the required insurance coverage and minimal limits are met for the extended, renewed or replacement policy term. iii. Copies of additional insured endorsements required for applicable policies in the name and for the benefit of: "[NAME OF OTHER PARTY], its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates; any lessors of the foregoing and any mortgagees, deed of trust beneficiaries and secured creditors of such lessors; and any successors and assignees of all of the foregoing." iv. Copies of alternate employer endorsements and waiver of subrogation endorsements required for applicable policies in the name and for the benefit of: ""[NAME OF OTHER PARTY], its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates; any lessors of the foregoing and any mortgagees, deed of trust beneficiaries and secured creditors of such lessors; and any successors and assignees of all of the foregoing."

Workers' Compensation Liability Insurance. Occurrence based coverage providing benefits in the minimal amount required by Applicable Law for workplace and work related injuries and illnesses to the employees of a Party, including, without limitation, Workers Compensation Acts of applicable U.S. States, the U.S. Longshoremen's and Harbor Workers Compensation Act and the U.S. Jones Act. Requires alternate employer endorsement and waiver of subrogation endorsement.

During the Term of this Agreement, each Party will maintain the following minimum types and amounts of insurance coverage during the Term of this Agreement:

DISTRIBUTION AND SERVICES AGREEMENT

Integrity

Integrity Short Term Government Fund

Fund

Integrity Funds Distributor, LLC

January 18, 2020

This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.

This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas.

This Agreement will also terminate automatically in the event of its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act).

In consideration of the services rendered pursuant to this Agreement, Integrity shall receive the excess, if any, of the sales price, as set forth in the Fund's Registration Statement, over the net asset value of Shares sold by Integrity, as underwriter.

The Fund shall also furnish Integrity upon request with: (a) annual audits of the Fund's books and accounts made by independent public accountants regularly retained by the Fund, (b) semi-annual unaudited financial statements pertaining to the Fund, (c) quarterly earnings statements prepared by the Fund, (d) a monthly itemized list of the securities in the portfolio of the Fund, (e) monthly balance sheets as soon as practicable after the end of each month, and (f) from time to time such additional information regarding the Fund's financial condition as Integrity may reasonably request.

Intellectual Property Agreement

Premier Biomedical, Inc.

THI

Each shall be referred to as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

Technology Health, Inc.

Marv

Premier

Marv Enterprises, LLC

May 12, 2020

May 12, 2020

This Agreement and the rights of the Parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania including all matters of construction, validity, performance, and enforcement and without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.

If THI does not make the obligatory payments as stated in 2(b) by the dates stated, the Exclusive License will revert back to Premier.

If THI does not make the obligatory payments as stated in 3(a) by the dates stated, the Exclusive License will revert back to Premier, provided, however, that in such event, THI would still be entitled to a proportionate interest in any Covid-19 Licensed Products, such portion being equal to a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the actual amount paid and the denominator of which shall be $2,000,000.

The licenses granted herein are exclusive worldwide licenses to:   1.         make, have made, use, lease, sell and import Licensed Products for the legal purposes of researching, developing, manufacturing, assembling, distributing, and selling the Licensed Products;   2.         make, have made, use and import machines, tools, materials and other instrumentalities, insofar as such machines, tools, materials and other instrumentalities are involved in or incidental to the research, development, manufacture, testing or repair of Licensed Products which are or have been made, used, leased, owned, sold or imported by the Licensee; and   3.         convey to any customer of the Licensee, with respect to any Licensed Product which is sold or leased to such customer, rights to use and resell such Licensed Product as sold or leased by Licensee (whether or not as part of a larger combination); provided, however, that no rights may be conveyed to customers with respect to any Invention which is directed to (i) a combination of such Licensed Product (as sold or leased) with any other product, (ii) a method or process which is other than the inherent use of such Licensed Product itself (as sold or leased), or (iii) a method or process involving the use of a Licensed Product to manufacture (including associated testing) any other product.

In addition to the 5% amount calculated pursuant to the preceding paragraph, there shall be an identical 5% amount to be paid from THI, per Premier's consideration, to certain shareholders of Premier, as identified by Premier, as of a record date to be determined in the future, on an annual basis, commencing on the one-year anniversary of this Agreement until a total amount of $40,000,000 has been paid to Premier.

Royalty payments are payable from THI to Marv Enterprises, LLC and will be in the amount of 5% of the Fair Market Value of:   a. Licensed Product that is sold, leased or put into use by the THI or any Related Companies in the preceding calendar quarter; and   b. any service performed by THI or any Related Companies that directly or indirectly uses Licensed Product.

The grant of each license hereunder includes the right to grant sublicenses to Related Companies for so long as it remains a Related Companies. Any such sublicense may be made effective retroactively, but not prior to the effective date hereof, nor prior to the sublicensee's becoming a Related Company.

THI is granted the following rights to the Applications in Appendix A and the Licensed Products derived therefrom:

Licenses granted herein are solely for products in the form sold by the Licensee and are not to be construed either (i) as consent by the Marv to any act which may be performed by the Licensee, except to the extent impacted by a patent licensed herein to the Licensee, or (ii) to include licenses to contributorily infringe or induce infringement under U.S. law or a foreign equivalent thereof.

The licenses granted herein are exclusive worldwide licenses to:   1.         make, have made, use, lease, sell and import Licensed Products for the legal purposes of researching, developing, manufacturing, assembling, distributing, and selling the Licensed Products;   2.         make, have made, use and import machines, tools, materials and other instrumentalities, insofar as such machines, tools, materials and other instrumentalities are involved in or incidental to the research, development, manufacture, testing or repair of Licensed Products which are or have been made, used, leased, owned, sold or imported by the Licensee; and   3.         convey to any customer of the Licensee, with respect to any Licensed Product which is sold or leased to such customer, rights to use and resell such Licensed Product as sold or leased by Licensee (whether or not as part of a larger combination); provided, however, that no rights may be conveyed to customers with respect to any Invention which is directed to (i) a combination of such Licensed Product (as sold or leased) with any other product, (ii) a method or process which is other than the inherent use of such Licensed Product itself (as sold or leased), or (iii) a method or process involving the use of a Licensed Product to manufacture (including associated testing) any other product.

The grant of each license hereunder includes the right to grant sublicenses to Related Companies for so long as it remains a Related Companies

Any such sublicense may be made effective retroactively, but not prior to the effective date hereof, nor prior to the sublicensee's becoming a Related Company.

Strategic Alliance Agreement

Bravatek Solutions, Inc.

COMPANY

Sibannac, Inc.

Bravatek

30th day of November, 2017

The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.

The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.

The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew. Such notice must be given ninety (90) days prior to expiration of the original term.

This Agreement is entered into in the State of Texas and shall be interpreted according to the laws of the State of Texas.

This Agreement may also be terminated by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice.

This Agreement shall not be assignable by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.

For any Product or Solution sold to any perspective clients introduced by Bravatek registered with COMPANY via email to COMPANY's CEO and delivered through Bravatek or a COMPANY-designated distribution affiliate(s) or sales channel(s), Bravatek will receive a lead-finder fee, to be mutually discussed and finally decided by COMPANY at the range of minimum of 10% to maximum of 20% of project revenue, with an exact fee to be depending upon the overall project sales margin and cost of development and delivery of each project, payable NET 30 days after each client payment on delivered products received at COMPANY's bank account.

For any Product or Solution sold to any perspective clients introduced by Bravatek registered with COMPANY via email to COMPANY's CEO and delivered through Bravatek or a COMPANY-designated distribution affiliate(s) or sales channel(s), Bravatek will receive a lead-finder fee, to be mutually discussed and finally decided by COMPANY at the range of minimum of 10% to maximum of 20% of project revenue, with an exact fee to be depending upon the overall project sales margin and cost of development and delivery of each project, payable NET 30 days after each client payment on delivered products received at COMPANY's bank account.

Strategic Alliance Agreement

IntriCon

Dynamic Hearing Pty Ltd

IntriCon  Corporation

Dynamic Hearing

1st day of October, 2008

1st day of October, 2008

The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory  agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.

This Agreement is governed by the laws of Victoria, Australia and the parties submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria,  Australia

Commencing on the Exclusivity Date, and continuing for so long as IntriCon continues to make such payments, the license granted to  IntriCon under this Agreement will, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, be exclusive for Hearing Aids.

Commencing on October 1, 2008, and continuing for so long as IntriCon continues to make minimum payments as defined in 4.3,  Dynamic Hearing agrees that it will not license any Dynamic Hearing Technology for Hearing Aids, subject to Clause 3.5.

Exclusivity Date means October 1, 2008, the date Intricon makes its first quarterly payment of the Minimum Payment;

The rights granted under such agreements shall  be included as exceptions to the exclusivity of IntriCon's License Grant, if such agreements are executed by Dynamic Hearing and the third party  before January 1, 2009.

To maintain exclusive rights to Dynamic Hearing Technology for Hearing Aids IntriCon will make minimum annual payments to  Dynamic Hearing as set out in the Minimum Payment Schedule.

Subject to the provisions of 11.1, Dynamic Hearing may terminate this Agreement upon three (3) months written notice  to IntriCon of such termination.

Likewise, Dynamic Hearing may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior  written consent of IntriCon.

IntriCon may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of  Dynamic Hearing.

Cumulative annual HH & ALD  Volume that use the Framework

Ezairo Maximum Royalty Rate    SCHA Maximum Royalty Rate

Less Than 20,000 Units    10%    8%    20,000-50,000 units    9%    7%    50,000-100,000 units    8%    6%    100,000-200,000 units    7%    5%    200,000-500,000 units    6%    4%    500,000 to 1,000,000 units    5%    3%    Over 1,000,000    5%    1.5%

The maximum royalty rate identified in the table herein includes an initial base rate of 3% for each Ezairo DSP platform and 1% for each  Single Chip Hearing Aid (SCHA) sold

However, such additional Royalty Payments when added  to the initial base rate shall not exceed in total the stated maximum rates specified in the table herein.

A 2% royalty rate per Base Product Unit shall be added to the initial base rate for each DSP feature/module  that is based on Dynamic Hearing Technology and that is added to a Base Product Unit.

The Minimum Payment consists of the Access Fee of US$300,000 per annum and  the Second Component that increases from year to year.

PAYMENT  YEAR

MINIMUM PAYMENT    ACCESS FEE    SECOND COMPONENT

Year 1    $400,000    $300,000    $100,000    Year 2    $700,000    $300,000    $400,000    Year 3    $1,100,000    $300,000    $800,000    Year 4    $1,600,000    $300,000    $1,300,000    Year 5    $2,100,000    $300,000    $1,800,000

Minimum Payment Schedule (All amounts are in US Dollars):

Dynamic Hearing grants to IntriCon in accordance with this Agreement, for the Term, a license, to Use Dynamic Hearing's  Technology, Software and Documentation developed as of the Commencement Date to manufacture, import, sell and offer for sale throughout the  Territory, Products containing Dynamic Hearing's Technology and Software.

(a)    such inspection, copying or audit must only be made after at least one Business Day's written notice;

       (b)    such audit must not unreasonably interfere with the day to day operations of IntriCon; and

       (c)    such audit must be at Dynamic Hearing's expense unless the auditor finds an underpayment royalty due under this  Agreement in excess of 5% in which case IntriCon must reimburse Dynamic Hearing's reasonable cost of such audit;  and

       (d)    Audits will be limited to one audit in any calendar year.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, IntriCon shall have a right after termination to continue selling  existing products that include the Dynamic Hearing Technology as long as IntriCon pays the appropriate royalties in  accordance with the payment clauses in section 4.9 and, for the avoidance of doubt, such other clauses of this  Agreement (including 4.3, 4.10, 5, 6 and 10.1 will continue to apply in respect of such sales.

IntriCon must make all such records available for inspection, copying and audit by an independent auditor appointed by Dynamic  Hearing (and to which IntriCon has no reasonable objection) during ordinary business hours at any time during the Term and for a period of one  year following the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, provided that:

such audit must be at Dynamic Hearing's expense unless the auditor finds an underpayment royalty due under this  Agreement in excess of 5% in which case IntriCon must reimburse Dynamic Hearing's reasonable cost of such audit;

IntriCon must make all such records available for inspection, copying and audit by an independent auditor appointed by Dynamic  Hearing (and to which IntriCon has no reasonable objection) during ordinary business hours at any time during the Term and for a period of one  year following the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, provided that:

IntriCon is not liable in any way to Dynamic Hearing for any indirect, consequential, third party, special or incidental  harm, liability, expense, cost, loss or damage, loss of profits, loss of data, exemplary damages or any other indirect  commercial or economic loss of any kind whatsoever incurred by Dynamic Hearing whether in negligence, tort, equity,  contract or otherwise, arising in connection with this Agreement;

(i)    if the breach relates to goods:

          (A)    the replacement of goods or the supply of equivalent goods; or

          (B)    the repair of such goods; and

          (ii)    if the breach relates to services: the supplying of the services again.

if any legislation implies in this Agreement any term or warranty which cannot be excluded or modified, the liability of  Dynamic Hearing for a breach of any such term or warranty is limited, at the option of Dynamic Hearing, to any one or  more of the following:

Dynamic Hearing's aggregate liability to IntriCon for direct loss and damages and all other liability not described herein  arising in connection with this Agreement whether in negligence, tort, equity, contract or otherwise, is limited to  payment of damages recoverable at law or equity up to a maximum of (and, for the sake of clarity must not exceed) $5m;

Dynamic Hearing is not liable in any way to IntriCon for any indirect, consequential, third party, special or incidental  harm, liability, expense, cost, loss or damage, loss of profits, loss of data, exemplary damages or any other indirect  commercial or economic loss of any kind whatsoever incurred by IntriCon whether in negligence, tort, equity, contract  or otherwise, arising in connection with this Agreement;

AGENCY AGREEMENT

The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.

GA

Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB

Purchaser and Merchant are collectively the "Parties."

Notes Trustee

its associated chapter 11 debtors in possession

Tiger Capital Group, LLC

collectively with GA, the "Agent"

collectively, "Merchant"

GA Retail, Inc.

collectively with Agent, "Purchaser"

Tiger

April 18, 2018,

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to any conflict of laws provisions thereof, except where governed by the Bankruptcy Code.

orders of, and applicable restrictions imposed by, governmental authorities (collectively, the "Applicable General Laws"), other than all applicable laws, rules and regulations in respect of "going out of business", "store closing" or similar-themed sales and permitting (collectively, the "Liquidation Sale Laws")

Agent shall have the exclusive right to use the Stores and all other Assets for the purpose of conducting the GOB Sale, free of any interference from any entity or person, subject to compliance with the Sale Guidelines (as defined below) and Approval Order;

Upon the occurrence of the Closing, Agent shall have the exclusive right to market and sell, and/or otherwise designate the purchasers, licensees, transferees, and/or

following the occurrence of the closing under this Agreement, which shall occur no later than April 19, 2018 (the "Closing"), subject to payment of the Cash Purchase Price (as defined below) and Purchaser's compliance with its other obligations hereunder, Agent shall have the exclusive right to market and sell, and/or otherwise designate the purchasers, licensees, and/or assignees of, any or all of the Assets free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances thereon without further order of the Bankruptcy Court;

assignees of (which may in certain circumstances be Purchaser, any of the entities comprising Purchaser, any of their respective affiliates, and/or a new entity created by any of the foregoing), any or all of the Assets free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances thereon, without further order of the Bankruptcy Court (the "Asset Designation Rights").

Agent, as the exclusive agent for Merchant, is authorized to conduct, advertise, post signs, utilize sign-walkers, and otherwise promote the GOB Sale as a "going out of business", "store closing", "sale on everything", "everything must go", or similar themed sale, in accordance with the Sale Guidelines (as the same may be modified and approved by the Bankruptcy Court), subject to compliance with the Sale Guidelines, the Approval Order, and all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including, without limitation, all laws and regulations relating to advertising, privacy, consumer protection, occupational health and safety and the environment, together with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations and

Subject to the Wind-Down Budget and payment of Expenses, Agent shall use the E-Commerce Platform in connection with the GOB Sale to fulfill customer orders made during the GOB Sale Term and otherwise promote the GOB Sale (in Agent's capacity as Agent hereunder), provided that Agent shall have the option, in its sole discretion, to terminate the use of the E-Commerce Platform at any time after four weeks of use.

This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Parties and their respective successors and assigns, including, but not limited to, any chapter 11 or chapter 7 trustee; provided, however, that this Agreement may not be assigned by any of the Parties without the prior written consent of the other, provided further that notwithstanding the foregoing, GA and Tiger may each collaterally assign this Agreement and their rights thereunder to their respective lenders.

Agent is granted a limited license and right to use all Intellectual Property for purposes of conducting the GOB Sale and otherwise marketing any or all of the Assets;

To the extent that there is Merchandise remaining at the Sale Termination Date (the "Remaining Merchandise"), such Remaining Merchandise shall be deemed automatically transferred to Agent free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances. Agent and its affiliates shall be authorized to sell or otherwise dispose of the Remaining Merchandise with all logos, brand names, and other Intellectual Property intact, and shall be authorized to advertise the sale of the Remaining Merchandise using the Intellectual Property.

During the Sale Term, and thereafter until all of Merchant's and Purchaser's and Agent's obligations under this Agreement have been satisfied, Merchant and Purchaser shall have reasonable access to Merchant's and Purchaser's records with respect to the GOB Sale (including, but not limited to Merchandise, GOB Sale Proceeds, and Expenses) to review and audit such records.

Merchant shall make its books and records available to Purchaser at all times

In the event the Closing fails to occur, then, only upon entry of a final and non-appealable order of the Bankruptcy Court determining that such failure was the result of Purchaser's sole, material, non-excusable breach of this Agreement, then Merchant shall be entitled to retain the Deposit as liquidated damages as Merchant's sole remedy for such breach.

Merchant shall deliver to Purchaser certificates evidencing such insurance, setting forth the duration thereof and naming Purchaser as an additional insured or loss payee, as applicable, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser.

If requested by Agent, Merchant shall, at Agent's expense, insure the Additional Agent Merchandise and, if required, promptly file any proofs of loss with regard to same with Merchant's insurers.

Agent shall not make any change in the amount of any deductibles or self-insurance amounts prior to the Sale Termination Date without Merchant's prior written consent.

All such policies shall require at least thirty (30) days' prior notice to Purchaser of cancellation, non-renewal or material change.

Agent shall maintain, at Agent's cost (as an Expense) and in such amounts as Agent currently has in effect, commercial general liability policies covering injuries to persons and property in or in connection with Agent's agency at the Stores and shall cause Merchant to be named as an additional insured with respect to such policies.

Until the Designation Rights Termination Date or as otherwise directed by Purchaser or set forth in this Agreement, Merchant shall continue to maintain, subject to the Wind-Down Budget and the Wind-Down Cap, in such amounts as it currently has in effect, all of its liability insurance policies, including but not limited to commercial general liability, products liability, comprehensive public liability, auto liability and umbrella liability insurance, covering injuries to persons and property in, or in connection with, the Assets and/or Merchant's operation of its business and the Store and Distribution Centers; and Merchant shall cause Purchaser to be named as an additional named insured (as its interest may appear) with respect to all such policies.

Merchant shall not make any change in the amount of any deductibles or self-insurance amounts on or after the date of this Agreement without Purchaser's prior written consent.

In the event of a claim under any such policies, Agent shall be responsible for the payment of all deductibles, retentions or self-insured amounts thereunder, unless it is determined that liability arose by reason of the willful misconduct or grossly negligent acts or omissions of Merchant or Merchant's employees, independent contractors or agents (other than Agent or Agent's employees, agents or independent contractors).

Merchant shall, at all times while any employees are in its employ, maintain in full force and effect workers' compensation insurance (including employer liability insurance) in compliance with all statutory requirements.

All such policies shall require at least thirty (30) days' prior notice to Purchaser of cancellation, non- renewal or material change.

Merchant shall deliver to Purchaser certificates evidencing such insurance setting forth the duration thereof and naming Purchaser as an additional named insured, in form reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser.

In the event of a claim under any such policies, Merchant shall be responsible for the payment of all deductibles, retentions or self- insured amounts thereunder (which may be reimbursed as an Expense and/or pursuant to the Wind-Down Payment, subject to the Wind-Down Budget and the Wind-Down Cap), unless it is determined that liability arose by reason of the willful misconduct or grossly negligent acts or omissions of Purchaser, or Purchaser's employees, independent contractors or agents.

From and after the date of this Agreement, all such policies will also name Purchaser as an additional named insured or loss payee, as applicable (as its interest may appear).

Until the Designation Rights Termination Date or as otherwise directed by Purchaser or set forth in this Agreement, Merchant shall continue to maintain, subject to the Wind-Down Budget and the Wind-Down Cap, all of its presently existing property casualty coverage related to the Assets (including but not limited to fire, flood, wind, hail, natural disaster, theft, and extended coverage casualty insurance) until the sale or other disposition of all Assets covered by such policies.

Agent shall deliver to Merchant certificates evidencing such insurance policies setting forth the duration thereof and naming Merchant as an additional insured, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Merchant.

SUPPORT AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

Wildform

Wildform, Inc.

On2

On2 Technologies, Inc.

April __, 2005

April __, 2005

Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule whether such provision or rule is that of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction.

Neither party will have the right to assign, pledge or transfer all or any part of this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other, and any such purported assignment, pledge or transfer by a party without such prior written consent shall be void ab initio; provided, however, that either party may assign all or part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in connection with a Change of Control (as defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement).

The foregoing obligations of Wildform, following the initial 30 day period, shall be limited to a maximum of twenty (20) hours, or up to a maximum of one hundred twenty five (125) emails, whichever accumulates first.

The foregoing obligations of Wildform shall be limited to a maximum of forty (40) hours, or up to a maximum of two hundred twenty (220) emails, whichever accumulates first.

The foregoing obligations of Wildform shall be limited to a maximum of forty five (45) hours, or up to a maximum of three hundred (300) emails, whichever accumulates first.

The foregoing obligations of Wildform, shall be limited to a maximum of forty (40) hours, or up to a maximum of two hundred twenty (220) emails, whichever accumulates first.

The foregoing obligations of Wildform, following the initial thirty (30) day period, shall be limited to a maximum of thirty (30) hours, or up to a maximum of two hundred (200) emails, whichever accumulates first.

To the extent that title to any of the Incorporated Technology Works may not, by operation of law, vest in On2 or such works may not be considered works made for hire, Wildform hereby irrevocably assigns to On2 all rights, title and interest in and to such works

The Incorporated Technology Works shall be the sole property of On2, and all right, title and interest therein shall vest solely in On2 and shall be deemed to be a work made for hire.

Website Design, Development and Hosting Agreement

Client

Company

FreeCook

Mitchell's Web Advance, PLC

January 11, 2018

Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018

Company at its sole discretion may at any time alter or cease providing the Customer Service which it has agreed to provide to Client relating to Client Website pursuant to this Agreement without any liability to Company.

Client hereby grants to Company a non-exclusive and limited license to use Client's trade names, logos and other trademarks in connection with Company advertising, marketing and promotion of its products and services.

Client further agrees that Company may use and display the graphics and other web design elements of Client's website as examples of Company website design and development work.

Service Agreement

Mobimagic

Mobimagic Co., Ltd.

PC Financial and Mobimagic are individually referred to herein each as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

PC Financial

PC Financial Services Private Limited

April. 1st 2019

April. 1st 2019

The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.

"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020

knowingly use the Services in violation of this Agreement. 3





4.7 Data protection. Each Party agrees to comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws arising from its obligations, if any, under the Agreement and to reasonably co-operate with the other Party in order to allow the other Party to comply with any laws as deemed necessary from time to time. Each Party shall treat all data, information relating to Services, including but not limit to the customer personal data, as confidential. Each party warrants that it shall take appropriate technical and organizational measures against unauthorized or unlaw

knowingly use the Services in violation of this Agreement.

4.7 Data protection. Each Party agrees to comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws arising from its obligations, if any, under the Agreement and to reasonably co-operate with the other Party in order to allow the other Party to comply with any laws as deemed necessary from time to time. Each Party shall treat all data, information relating to Services, including but not limit to the customer personal data, as confidential. Each party warrants that it shall take appropriate technical and organizational measures against unauthorized or unlaw

This Agreement (and any question about its subsistence, effect or termination) is to be interpreted in accordance with the laws of India, save for that body of law which governs the conflict of laws.

This Agreement may not be assigned, delegated, or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by a Party without the other Party's express prior written consent.

Both Parties acknowledge and confirm that the Reserve Bank of India (hereafter "RBI") or persons authorized by it has right to access and inspect the PC Financial's documents, records of Service transactions and other necessary information related to the Services or Activity given to, stored or processed by Mobimagic within a reasonable time.

Subject to the foregoing as wen as Mobimagic's obligations under this Agreement, Mobimagic shall not in any manner be held or be responsible or liable for any unforeseen contingency, claims, liabilities, demands. losses, damages or expenses arising due to absence of storage or retention of any PC Financial data which shall be the sole responsibility of PC Financial .

Neither Party shall be liable to the other Party in contract, tort or otherwise, whatever the cause, for any loss of profit, business or goodwill or any indirect, incidental or consequential costs, damages or expenses of any kind, except for such loss attributable to breach of confidentiality.

Subject to the foregoing as wen as Mobimagic's obligations under this Agreement, Mobimagic shall not in any manner be held or be responsible or liable for any unforeseen contingency, claims, liabilities, demands. losses, damages or expenses arising due to absence of storage or retention of any PC Financial data which shall be the sole responsibility of PC Financial .

Neither Party shall be liable to the other Party in contract, tort or otherwise, whatever the cause, for any loss of profit, business or goodwill or any indirect, incidental or consequential costs, damages or expenses of any kind, except for such loss attributable to breach of confidentiality.

IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. NEITHER PARTIES' TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN AGREEMENT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF FEES AND EXPENSES OWED BY PC FINANCIAL TO MOBIMAGIC FOR SERVICES PERFORMED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT

(individually the "Member" and collectively the "Members"

JVLS, LLC

BorrowMoney.com, inc

20th day of Friday, March 2020

The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.

The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.

By this Agreement the Members enter into a joint venture (the "Venture") in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.

Assignment of Member status, under this clause, including any management and voting interests, will require the consent of all the remaining Members.

Accurate and complete books of account of the transactions of the Venture will be kept in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and at all reasonable times will be available and open to inspection and examination by any Member.

The Venture may acquire insurance on behalf of any Member, employee, agent or other person engaged in the business interest of the Venture against any liability asserted against them or incurred by them while acting in good faith on behalf of the Venture.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT

Zebra Technologies Corporation

Seller

Purchaser

Motorola Solutions, Inc.

April 14, 2014

April 14, 2014

The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.

The Laws of the State of Delaware (without reference to its principles of conflicts of law) shall govern the construction, interpretation and other matters arising out of or in connection with this IP Agreement and its schedules (whether arising in contract, tort, equity or otherwise).

If and to the extent that, as a matter of Law in any jurisdiction, ownership, title, or any rights or interest in or to any of the Assigned IP cannot be assigned as provided in Section 2.1(b)(i), (A) the Seller irrevocably agrees to (and shall cause the other Seller Parties to) assign and transfer, and the Seller hereby assigns and transfers (and shall cause the other Seller Parties to assign and transfer) to the Purchaser Assignees all rights (including all economic and commercialization rights) that can be assigned pursuant to Section 2.1(b)(i) to the fullest extent permissible, and (B) the Seller hereby grants to the Purchaser Assignees, and hereby agrees to cause the other Seller Parties to grant to the Purchaser Assignees, an unlimited, exclusive, irrevocable, assignable, transferable, sublicenseable, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, fully-paid up license to use, exploit, and commercialize in any manner now known or in the future discovered and for whatever purpose, any and all rights to Assigned IP that cannot be assigned as contemplated by Section 2.1(b)(i).

current Affiliate of such party) or otherwise does not remain a separate, independent legal entity (except if such party is merged into another Person, where such Person was formed or created for the purpose of the Change of Control Event or where such Person is a then-current Affiliate of such party), then (i) the license rights granted to such party under Article II shall be limited to the operation of the business and the products, systems, and services (including Smart Sensing Network Equipment and Public Safety LTE Smartphone Devices, as applicable) of such party existing as of the effective date of the Change of Control Event and Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof (but, in all cases, with respect to such license rights, subject to Section 2.1(e) or Section 2.2(e), as applicable), and (ii) no rights or licenses granted to such party under Article II may be extended to the Buyer or any of its Affiliates existing immediately prior to the Change of Control Event in connection with any of its or their past, current, or future products, systems or services.

If as a result of the Change of Control Event such party remains a separate, independent legal entity (or is merged into another Person, where such Person was formed or created for the purpose of the Change of Control Event or where such Person is a then-current Affiliate of such party), then the license rights granted to such party under Article II shall continue in full force and effect.

If as a result of the Change of Control Event such party is merged into the Buyer (other than if the Buyer is formed or created for the purpose of the Change of Control Event) or another Person (other than if such Person is formed or created for the purpose of the Change of Control Event or if such Person is a then-

Upon a merger or change of control of a party (including, for purposes of this Section 6.3, with respect to Purchaser any Purchaser Licensee and with respect to Seller any Seller Party) (a "Change of Control Event") with or to a Person (other than a Person that is a then-current Affiliate of such party) (the "Buyer"), the license rights granted under Article II to such party shall not extend to the Buyer or any of its Affiliates existing immediately prior to the Change of Control Event or any of its or their past, current, or future products, systems or services.

If Purchaser or a Purchaser Assignee assigns or transfers any Intellectual Property licensed to the Seller Parties pursuant to Section 2.1(c) or Section 2.1(d), the Purchaser shall (or shall cause the applicable Purchaser Assignee to) expressly condition such assignment or transfer on the express acknowledgement and agreement of the assignee or transferee that all such Intellectual Property is bound by such license grants.

Neither party may assign (whether by operation of law or otherwise) this IP Agreement, or any of its licenses, rights, privileges or obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other party, and any such attempted assignment shall be void; provided, however, that, following the Initial Closing Date, without any such prior written consent but upon prior written notice to the other party, each party may assign this IP Agreement to: (i) an Affiliate; (ii) a lender for collateral security; (iii) a Person that succeeds to all or substantially all of its business or assets to which this IP Agreement relates in connection with a merger or sale of all or substantially all of its assets to which this IP Agreement relates; or (iv) corporate reorganization of the party in which the ultimate ownership of the party immediately prior to such reorganization is the same as the ultimate ownership of the party immediately after such reorganization.

If a Seller Party assigns or transfers any Licensed IP, the Seller shall (or shall cause the applicable Seller Party to) expressly condition such assignment or transfer on the express acknowledgement and agreement of the assignee or transferee that all such Licensed IP is bound by the license grants set forth herein.

If and to the extent that, as a matter of Law in any jurisdiction, ownership, title, or any rights or interest in or to any of the Assigned IP cannot be assigned as provided in Section 2.1(b)(i), (A) the Seller irrevocably agrees to (and shall cause the other Seller Parties to) assign and transfer, and the Seller hereby assigns and transfers (and shall cause the other Seller Parties to assign and transfer) to the Purchaser Assignees all rights (including all economic and commercialization rights) that can be assigned pursuant to Section 2.1(b)(i) to the fullest extent permissible, and (B) the Seller hereby grants to the Purchaser Assignees, and hereby agrees to cause the other Seller Parties to grant to the Purchaser Assignees, an unlimited, exclusive, irrevocable, assignable, transferable, sublicenseable, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, fully-paid up license to use, exploit, and commercialize in any manner now known or in the future discovered and for whatever purpose, any and all rights to Assigned IP that cannot be assigned as contemplated by Section 2.1(b)(i).

If the arbitrator determines that any Outstanding Patent should be or should have been, as applicable, an Assigned Patent, Seller shall (and shall cause the other Seller Parties to) assign such Patent to the Purchaser Assignees in accordance with Section 2.1(b)(iii)(E).

Effective as of the applicable Closing Date, the Seller hereby sells, assigns, transfers, conveys and delivers all of its right, title, and interest in and to the Assigned IP (together with the goodwill of the business symbolized by any Trademarks that constitute Assigned IP) and all Ancillary IP Rights with respect thereto, and shall cause the other Seller Parties to do the same, to the Purchaser Assignees and, effective as of the applicable Closing Date, the Purchaser Assignees hereby purchase, acquire and accept the same from the Seller Parties.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Purchaser will cause each Acquired Company and each Purchaser Assignee to grant, following each applicable Closing Date, to the Seller Parties, an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Acquired Company Patents and Assigned Patents:

(i) (A) to use the Acquired Company Patents and Assigned Patents in the operation of the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured, distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Parties in connection with the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof;

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant, following each applicable Closing Date, to the Purchaser Licensees) a perpetual (unless terminated in accordance with Section 4.2(ii)(c)), fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as set forth herein), non-exclusive license to use any and all Licensed Trademarks in the Business (including with respect to the Purchaser Licensed Activities), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions of such Business, in a manner that is the same or substantially similar to the manner in which the Seller Entities have used the Licensed Trademarks in the Business.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant, following each applicable Closing Date), to the Purchaser Licensees an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Licensed IP (other than Trademarks and Patents):

(i) (A) to use such Licensed IP in the operation of the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured,

(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment; and

(iii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Public Safety LTE Smartphone Devices.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Purchaser will cause each Acquired Company and each Purchaser Assignee to grant, following each applicable Closing Date, to the Seller Parties, an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Transferred IP (other than Trademarks and Patents) that is or has been, on or prior to the Initial Closing Date, (x) used in connection with the Seller Business, (y) used in connection with the development of any product, service, or system in the Seller Business, or (z) incorporated into any product, service, or system in the Seller Business:

(i) (A) to use such Transferred IP in the operation of the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured, distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Parties in connection with in the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof;

(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment; and

(iii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Public Safety LTE Smartphone Devices.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant following each applicable Closing Date) to the Purchaser Licensees:

(A) for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days after the applicable Closing Date (the "Mobility Transition Period"), a fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable, non-exclusive sublicense to use any and all Mobility Trademarks, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Mobility Trademark License; and

(B) for a period of seven hundred thirty (730) days after the applicable Closing Date (the "Non-Mobility Transition Period"), a fully paid-up, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), worldwide, non-transferable, non- exclusive license to use any and all Retained Seller Trademarks (other than the Mobility Trademarks and Licensed Trademarks) that are or have been, on or prior to the Initial Closing Date, used in connection with the Business or any product, service, or system in the Business (the "Non-Mobility Trademarks"),

in each case of clauses (A) and (B), solely in connection with the operation of the Business or with the exercise of the licenses granted pursuant to Section 2.2(a) and Section 2.2(b), in a manner that is the same or substantially similar to the manner in which the Seller Entities used the Mobility Trademarks or Non-Mobility Trademarks, as applicable, in connection with the Business as of the Initial Closing Date, including with respect to existing signs and stocks of advertisements and promotional materials and items, inventory and packaging included in the Acquired Assets ("Existing Stock") containing any Mobility Trademark or Non- Mobility Trademark.

distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Entities in connection with the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof; and

(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant following each applicable Closing Date), to the Purchaser Licensees an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Licensed Patents:

(i) (A) to use the Licensed Patents in the operation of the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured, distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Entities in connection with the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof; and

(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Purchaser will cause each Acquired Company and each Purchaser Assignee to grant, following each applicable Closing Date, to the Seller Parties, an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Acquired Company Patents and Assigned Patents:

(i) (A) to use the Acquired Company Patents and Assigned Patents in the operation of the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured, distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Parties in connection with the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof;

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant, following each applicable Closing Date, to the Purchaser Licensees) a perpetual (unless terminated in accordance with Section 4.2(ii)(c)), fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as set forth herein), non-exclusive license to use any and all Licensed Trademarks in the Business (including with respect to the Purchaser Licensed Activities), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions of such Business, in a manner that is the same or substantially similar to the manner in which the Seller Entities have used the Licensed Trademarks in the Business.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant, following each applicable Closing Date), to the Purchaser Licensees an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Licensed IP (other than Trademarks and Patents):

(i) (A) to use such Licensed IP in the operation of the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured,

(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment; and

(iii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Public Safety LTE Smartphone Devices.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Purchaser will cause each Acquired Company and each Purchaser Assignee to grant, following each applicable Closing Date, to the Seller Parties, an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Transferred IP (other than Trademarks and Patents) that is or has been, on or prior to the Initial Closing Date, (x) used in connection with the Seller Business, (y) used in connection with the development of any product, service, or system in the Seller Business, or (z) incorporated into any product, service, or system in the Seller Business:

(i) (A) to use such Transferred IP in the operation of the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured, distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Parties in connection with in the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof;

(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment; and

(iii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Public Safety LTE Smartphone Devices.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant following each applicable Closing Date) to the Purchaser Licensees:

(A) for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days after the applicable Closing Date (the "Mobility Transition Period"), a fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable, non-exclusive sublicense to use any and all Mobility Trademarks, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Mobility Trademark License; and

(B) for a period of seven hundred thirty (730) days after the applicable Closing Date (the "Non-Mobility Transition Period"), a fully paid-up, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), worldwide, non-transferable, non- exclusive license to use any and all Retained Seller Trademarks (other than the Mobility Trademarks and Licensed Trademarks) that are or have been, on or prior to the Initial Closing Date, used in connection with the Business or any product, service, or system in the Business (the "Non-Mobility Trademarks"),

in each case of clauses (A) and (B), solely in connection with the operation of the Business or with the exercise of the licenses granted pursuant to Section 2.2(a) and Section 2.2(b), in a manner that is the same or substantially similar to the manner in which the Seller Entities used the Mobility Trademarks or Non-Mobility Trademarks, as applicable, in connection with the Business as of the Initial Closing Date, including with respect to existing signs and stocks of advertisements and promotional materials and items, inventory and packaging included in the Acquired Assets ("Existing Stock") containing any Mobility Trademark or Non- Mobility Trademark.

distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Entities in connection with the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof; and

(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant following each applicable Closing Date), to the Purchaser Licensees an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Licensed Patents:

(i) (A) to use the Licensed Patents in the operation of the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured, distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Entities in connection with the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof; and

(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment.

Each Purchaser Licensee may grant sublicenses of the licenses granted to it pursuant to Section 2.2: (i) to any (for the avoidance of doubt, and without limiting any other provision of this IP Agreement, current or future) direct or indirect Subsidiary of Purchaser (but only for so long as such Person remains such a Subsidiary); (ii) to any other Person in connection with the sale or disposition of substantially all of the assets of a business or product line of any Purchaser Licensee; (iii) other than with respect to Section 2.2(a), for the purpose of any Person's (including resellers, distributors, and OEMs) distribution of products licensed under Section 2.2; (iv) other than with respect to Section 2.2(a), to any Person (including OEMs, JDMs, suppliers, contractors, and subcontractors) solely for the purpose of, and to the extent necessary for, such Person to perform any service (including any service with respect to the design, manufacture, import, export, or supply of any product, service, or system in the Business or any components thereof) for a Purchaser Licensee, and not for the direct benefit of such Person or any other Person, (v) other than with respect to Section 2.2(a), to a customer of a Purchaser Licensee for such customer's use of a product licensed under Section 2.2; or (vi) other than with respect to Section 2.2(a), with respect to Software, to any Person for the purpose of such Person's development of Software that is compatible or interoperates with a product licensed under Section 2.2.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant, following each applicable Closing Date, to the Purchaser Licensees) a perpetual (unless terminated in accordance with Section 4.2(ii)(c)), fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as set forth herein), non-exclusive license to use any and all Licensed Trademarks in the Business (including with respect to the Purchaser Licensed Activities), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions of such Business, in a manner that is the same or substantially similar to the manner in which the Seller Entities have used the Licensed Trademarks in the Business.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant, following each applicable Closing Date), to the Purchaser Licensees an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Licensed IP (other than Trademarks and Patents):

(i) (A) to use such Licensed IP in the operation of the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured,

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Purchaser will cause each Acquired Company and each Purchaser Assignee to grant, following each applicable Closing Date, to the Seller Parties, an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Transferred IP (other than Trademarks and Patents) that is or has been, on or prior to the Initial Closing Date, (x) used in connection with the Seller Business, (y) used in connection with the development of any product, service, or system in the Seller Business, or (z) incorporated into any product, service, or system in the Seller Business:

(i) (A) to use such Transferred IP in the operation of the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured, distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Parties in connection with in the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof;

(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment; and

(iii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Public Safety LTE Smartphone Devices.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant following each applicable Closing Date) to the Purchaser Licensees:

(A) for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days after the applicable Closing Date (the "Mobility Transition Period"), a fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable, non-exclusive sublicense to use any and all Mobility Trademarks, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Mobility Trademark License; and

(B) for a period of seven hundred thirty (730) days after the applicable Closing Date (the "Non-Mobility Transition Period"), a fully paid-up, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), worldwide, non-transferable, non- exclusive license to use any and all Retained Seller Trademarks (other than the Mobility Trademarks and Licensed Trademarks) that are or have been, on or prior to the Initial Closing Date, used in connection with the Business or any product, service, or system in the Business (the "Non-Mobility Trademarks"),

in each case of clauses (A) and (B), solely in connection with the operation of the Business or with the exercise of the licenses granted pursuant to Section 2.2(a) and Section 2.2(b), in a manner that is the same or substantially similar to the manner in which the Seller Entities used the Mobility Trademarks or Non-Mobility Trademarks, as applicable, in connection with the Business as of the Initial Closing Date, including with respect to existing signs and stocks of advertisements and promotional materials and items, inventory and packaging included in the Acquired Assets ("Existing Stock") containing any Mobility Trademark or Non- Mobility Trademark.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Purchaser will cause each Acquired Company and each Purchaser Assignee to grant, following each applicable Closing Date, to the Seller Parties, an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Acquired Company Patents and Assigned Patents:

(i) (A) to use the Acquired Company Patents and Assigned Patents in the operation of the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured, distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Parties in connection with the Seller Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof;   18





(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment; and

(iii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Public Safety LTE Smartphone Devices.

distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Entities in connection with the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof; and

(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the Seller hereby grants (and will cause each other Seller Party to grant following each applicable Closing Date), to the Purchaser Licensees an irrevocable (except as expressly set forth herein), perpetual, non-sublicenseable (except as expressly set forth herein), fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, non-transferable (except as expressly set forth herein), non-exclusive license, under the Licensed Patents:

(i) (A) to use the Licensed Patents in the operation of the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith and (B) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise dispose of products, services, and systems that were designed, developed, manufactured, distributed, offered for sale, sold, resold, supported, otherwise under development, or provided, as of the applicable Closing Date, by the Seller Entities in connection with the Business and to practice any methods, processes, and procedures in connection therewith, and in each case of clauses (A) and (B), including with respect to all Derivative Works and natural evolutions thereof; and

(ii) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise dispose of Smart Sensing Network Equipment.

The sole and exclusive remedy for any breach of this IP Agreement, including the representations and warranties and covenants herein, shall be as set forth in Article 8 of the Acquisition Agreement.

DOMAIN NAME AND CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

Licensee

Licensor

Beijing Yisheng Leju Information Services Co., Ltd.

Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd.

"Effective Date" means the Closing Date as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement.

The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10)  years thereafter.

This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter shall be governed by,  and construed in accordance with, the laws of the People's Republic of China (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules that would mandate the  application of the laws of another jurisdiction).

This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the PRC, without regard to conflicts of law principles.

In the event E-House Research and Training Institute becomes entitled to charge, invoice, or otherwise receive from, Licensee any  royalties, fees or other remuneration for use of the E-House Licensed Data and Information pursuant to amendments to the Master Transaction  Agreement or through other means, Licensor and Licensee shall use good faith efforts to amend this Agreement such that Licensor becomes  entitled to charge, invoice, or otherwise receive fees from Licensee to use the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content, such fees to be  agreed upon by the Parties, provided that (i) such fees shall be commercially reasonable and (ii) such fees shall not exceed the fees charged by  Licensor to unaffiliated third parties for use of the Licensed Content, taking into account any other consideration received by Licensor (including,  but not limited to, discounted services offerings from the third party).

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an  exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the  Licensed Domain Names in connection with the Business during the Term

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an  exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the  Licensed Content in connection with websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names until the earlier of (i) termination or expiration of this  Agreement, or (ii) termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement, provided, however, that in the event the Agency Agreement is amended or  restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement.

Licensor may terminate this Agreement by providing prior written notice to Licensee upon the occurrence  of a Change of Control.

This Agreement and any rights or authority granted hereunder shall not be assigned or transferred by either Party, including by  operation of law, merger or otherwise, without the express written consent of the other Party, provided that Licensor may assign this Agreement  without consent to any of its Affiliates and Licensee may assign this Agreement without consent to SINA Leju or an Affiliate of Licensee that is  controlled by SINA Leju.

This Agreement and any rights or authority granted hereunder shall not be assigned or transferred by either Party, including by  operation of law, merger or otherwise, without the express written consent of the other Party, provided that Licensor may assign this Agreement  without consent to any of its Affiliates and Licensee may assign this Agreement without consent to SINA Leju or an Affiliate of Licensee that is  controlled by SINA Leju.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Licensee has no right to sublicense any rights granted hereunder to any third  party, or otherwise permit any third party to use any Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content; provided, however, that any rights granted to  Licensee hereunder shall be sublicensable, without the prior written consent of Licensor, to SINA Leju and Licensee's Affiliates that are controlled  by SINA Leju solely for the purpose of operating the Business during the Term.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an  exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the  Licensed Domain Names in connection with the Business during the Term.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an  exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the  Licensed Content in connection with websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names until the earlier of (i) termination or expiration of this  Agreement, or (ii) termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement, provided, however, that in the event the Agency Agreement is amended or  restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an  exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the  Licensed Domain Names in connection with the Business during the Term.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Licensee has no right to sublicense any rights granted hereunder to any third  party, or otherwise permit any third party to use any Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content; provided, however, that any rights granted to  Licensee hereunder shall be sublicensable, without the prior written consent of Licensor, to SINA Leju and Licensee's Affiliates that are controlled  by SINA Leju solely for the purpose of operating the Business during the Term.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an  exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the  Licensed Content in connection with websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names until the earlier of (i) termination or expiration of this  Agreement, or (ii) termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement, provided, however, that in the event the Agency Agreement is amended or  restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Licensee has no right to sublicense any rights granted hereunder to any third  party, or otherwise permit any third party to use any Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content; provided, however, that any rights granted to  Licensee hereunder shall be sublicensable, without the prior written consent of Licensor, to SINA Leju and Licensee's Affiliates that are controlled  by SINA Leju solely for the purpose of operating the Business during the Term.

Upon termination (but not expiration) of this Agreement for any reason, Licensee shall be entitled to use the Licensed Domain Names and  Licensed Content for a limited period of time, not to exceed ninety (90) days, during which it shall diligently work to transition to another solution.

Except as expressly permitted under the Trademark License Agreement, Licensee shall not knowingly (a) use the Licensed  Domain Names in any manner that tarnishes, degrades, disparages or reflects adversely on Licensor or Licensor's business or reputation, (b) in  any jurisdiction, register or attempt to register any domain names that consist of, in whole or in part, or are confusingly similar to, the term "SINA",  (c) contest, challenge or otherwise make any claim or take any action adverse to Licensor's interest in the Licensed Domain Names, (d) register any  trademarks, trade names or company names that consist of, in whole or in part, or are confusingly similar to the term "SINA" in the name of  Licensee or of any of its Affiliates, or (e) use the Licensed Content and other Content for any unlawful purpose, including but not limited to  displaying or distributing any pornographic, obscene or sexually explicit material, materials of a violent nature, or politically sensitive materials.

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Timothy Cabrera

Global Technologies, Ltd

(individually, a "Party"; collectively, the "Parties").

Company

Consultant

This Consulting Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of this 2nd day of January 2020,

2nd day of January 2020

This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested

This Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its conflict of law doctrine.

he Company further agrees that neither it nor its employees, affiliates or assigns, shall enter into, or otherwise arrange (either for it/him/herself, or any other person or entity) any business relationship, contact any person regarding such Opportunity, either directly or indirectly, or any of its affiliates, or accept any compensation or advantage in relation to such Opportunity except as directly though Consultant, without the prior written approval of Consultant.

Neither Party shall delegate the performance of its duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party.

FORM OF FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

"we," "us" and "our" refers to Pizza Fusion Holding, Inc., the franchisor

"You" and "your" refers to the Franchisee.

Pizza Fusion Holding, Inc.

Franchisee

the individual or legal entity identified on the cover page

This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.

When this Agreement expires, you will have the option to continue the franchise relationship with us for two (2) additional terms of ten (10) years each.

This Agreement and the relationship between the parties is governed by and will be construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida (without regard to, and without applying, Florida conflict-of-law rules).

You agree not to: (a) advertise or market the services of your Franchised Business outside of the Delivery/Catering and Advertising Area; and/or (b) engage in direct solicitation of customers outside of the Delivery/Catering and Advertising Area.

For two (2) years after the expiration or termination of this Agreement or an approved Transfer to a new franchisee, you may not directly or indirectly own, manage, engage in, be employed by, advise, make loans to, consult for, or have any other interest in any Competitive Business that is, or intends to operate, within three (3) mile radius of the Premises of your Franchised Business or within a three (3) mile radius of any Restaurant then-operating or under construction to operate under the System, except as permitted by any Franchise Agreements that remain in effect between you and us. .

You agree that during the term of this Agreement, you will not, without our prior written consent, either directly or indirectly through any other person or entity:

17.1.1. Own, manage, engage in, be employed by, advise, make loans to, consult for, rent or lease to, or have any other interest in any business that (directly or indirectly) operates, or grants franchises or licenses to operate, a restaurant featuring pizza and related food specialties or that offers products or services substantially similar to those then offered by Restaurants ("Competitive Business"); 17.1.2. Divert or attempt to divert any business or customer, or potential business or customer, to any Competitive Business; or 17.1.3. Induce any person to leave his or her employment with us. 17.1.4. In any manner interfere with, disturb, disrupt, impair, diminish, or otherwise jeopardize our business or that of any of our franchisees.

Without our prior written approval, you may not engage in any other type of sale, including, but not limited to: selling, distributing, or otherwise providing, any services or products to third parties at wholesale, or for resale or distribution by any third party; and selling, distributing or otherwise providing any products and/or services through catalogs, mail order, toll free numbers for delivery, or electronic means (e.g., the Internet).

If any of your advertising within the Delivery/Catering and Advertising Area is in media that will or may reach a significant number of persons outside of the Delivery/Catering and Advertising Area, you must notify us in advance and obtain our prior written consent (in addition to the requirements in Section 9.3 [Regional Fund] below).

You agree not to engage in any of the sales activities that we have reserved to ourselves in Sections 1.3 [Our Limitations and Our Reserved Rights] above.

You agree that during the term of this Agreement, you will not, without our prior written consent, either directly or indirectly through any other person or entity:

17.1.2. Divert or attempt to divert any business or customer, or potential business or customer, to any Competitive Business;

You may not enter into any relationship with a Major Account customer that we deem to conflict with the customer's Major Account arrangement with us.

You agree that during the term of this Agreement, you will not, without our prior written consent, either directly or indirectly through any other person or entity:

17.1.3. Induce any person to leave his or her employment with us.

We may terminate your right to provide products and services to a Major Account customer at any time by giving you at least 30 days' prior written notice, and you may terminate your right to provide products and services to a Major Account at any time by giving us at least 30 days' prior written notice.

We may assign our right of first refusal to someone else either before or after we exercise it.

You agree that, at our option, you will sell to us any or all your assets used to operate the Franchised Business (including equipment, fixtures, furnishings, Delivery Vehicles, supplies, and inventory) that we ask in writing to purchase. 16.2.1. The purchase price for such items will be equal to your depreciated cost (determined below) or fair market value, whichever is less. The cost will be determined based upon a five (5) year straight-line depreciation of original costs. For equipment that is five (5) or more years old, the parties agree that fair market value will be deemed to be ten percent (10%) of the equipment's original cost. The fair market value of tangible assets must be determined without reference to good will, going-concern value, or other intangible assets. Page 32 of 39

Source: PF HOSPITALITY GROUP INC., 10-12G, 9/23/2015





16.2.2. We may exercise this option by delivering a notice of intent to purchase to you within 30 days after the expiration or termination of this Agreement. During that 30-day period, you agree not to dispose of, transfer, or otherwise hinder our ability to exercise our rights with respect to your assets. 16.2.3. If we exercise our option to purchase, we may setoff all amounts due to us under this Agreement and the cost of the appraisal (if any), against any payment due to you. 16.2.4. If we do not exercise our rights to purchase your Delivery Vehicle(s), you must immediately make such modifications or alterations to the Delivery Vehicle(s) that may be needed to remove any Proprietary Marks and to otherwise distinguish the appearance of the vehicle(s) from those used by other Restaurants.

Any material change in the terms of the offer from a third-party after we have elected not to purchase the seller's interest will constitute a new offer subject to the same right of first refusal as the third party's initial offer.

Closing of the Transfer must occur within 60 calendar days of our election (or such longer period as applicable law may require); otherwise, the third-party's offer will be treated as a new offer subject to our right of first refusal.

We have the right, exercisable within thirty (30) days after receipt of the notice specified in Section 14.2 [No Transfer without Our Prior Written Consent], to send written notice to you that we intend to purchase the interest proposed to be Transferred.

We may exercise this option by delivering a notice of intent to purchase to you within 30 days after the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

If the Transfer is proposed to be made pursuant to a sale, we or our designee may purchase the interest proposed to be Transferred on the same economic terms and conditions offered by the third-party.

The Owners may not enter into any shareholders' agreement, management agreement, voting trust or other arrangement that gives a third party the power to direct and control your affairs without our prior written consent.

You may not permit the Franchised Business to be operated, managed, directed, or controlled by any other person without our prior written consent.

Neither you nor any of the Owners may make any Transfer or permit any Transfer to occur without obtaining our prior written consent.

If by reason of state or other law, we are prohibited from receiving a percentage of certain components of Gross Revenues (including alcoholic-beverage sales), you must pay us an equivalent amount by increasing the Royalty percentage applied to Gross Revenues exclusive of the prohibited components.

During any Period that the Marketing Fund (as defined in Section 9.1 [Pizza Fusion Marketing Fund] below) is in effect, you must make a contribution as described in Section 9.1 [Pizza Fusion Marketing Fund] below equal to three percent (3%) of your Gross Revenues for the preceding Period

A majority of the Restaurant owners in the Regional Fund may vote to increase the amount of each Restaurant owner's Regional Fund contribution by up to an additional two percent (2%) of each Restaurant's Gross Revenues.

You must pay us a royalty fee ("Royalty") equal to six percent (6%) of your Gross Revenues.

Additionally, during any Period that a Regional Fund (as defined in Section 9.3 [Regional Fund] below) for the area in which your Franchised Business is located is in effect, you must make a contribution as described in Section 9.2 [Local Marketing] below in such amounts as we specify in writing up to two percent (2%) of your Gross Revenues for the preceding Period; in addition, you may be required to contribute to a Regional Fund up to an additional two percent (2%) of Gross Revenues of your Franchised Business if the members of that Regional Fund vote to increase the total contribution, as provided in Section 9.3.5 [Regional Fund] below.

You agree to conduct a Grand Opening Advertising Program for the Franchised Business throughout the first four weeks after the Opening Date, spending an amount not less than $12,000.

Beginning on the Opening Date, during each consecutive three-calendar-month period during the Term, you must spend three percent (3%) or more of your Gross Sales on local marketing of the Franchised Business.

If you wish to test market an item that we have not approved, then, so long as we have given you our prior written approval, you may do so for so long, and on such terms, that we mutually agree upon (a "Test"), and the item so tested, and all associated formulae, plans, and materials, will become our property.

The Customer List is, and remains, our exclusive property, you hereby assign to us all rights you now have or hereafter may acquire in the Customer List.

All data pertaining to, derived from, or displayed at the Franchised Business (including without limitation data pertaining to or otherwise about Franchised Business customers) is and shall be our exclusive property, and we hereby grant you a royalty-free non-exclusive license to use that data during the Term of this Agreement.

You agree that all data that you collect from customers and potential customers in connection with the Franchised Business ("Customer Data") is deemed to be owned exclusively by us, and you also agree to provide the Customer Data to us at any time that we request as you to do so.

We grant you the right, and you accept the obligation, to use the Proprietary Marks and the System to operate one Restaurant (the "Franchised Business") at the Premises, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

If, following the Test, we determine that we will approve the tested item, then for so long as we deem that item to be an "approved item" under this Agreement, you will have the right to use that item under the terms of this Agreement; and we will have the right to use and market that item as we see fit, including but not limited to use in our own Restaurants as well as that of other licensees and franchisees, without compensation to you.

All data pertaining to, derived from, or displayed at the Franchised Business (including without limitation data pertaining to or otherwise about Franchised Business customers) is and shall be our exclusive property, and we hereby grant you a royalty-free non-exclusive license to use that data during the Term of this Agreement.

You have no right to sublicense either the Proprietary Marks or the System to anyone else;

If we do not elect or are unable to exercise our option to acquire, or to acquire the lease or sublease for the Premises, you must make such modifications or alterations to the premises operated hereunder (including, without limitation, the changing of the telephone number) immediately upon termination or expiration of this Agreement as may be necessary to distinguish the appearance of the Premises from that of other Restaurants under the System, and such specific additional changes as we may reasonably request for that purpose.

Your lease (or rider to a lease) must include provisions that will: (a) Allow us the right to elect to take an assignment of the leasehold interest upon termination or expiration of your rights under this Agreement, and that allow us (or our designee) to operate a "Pizza Fusion" restaurant upon the premises for the remaining term of the lease or sublease; (b) Require the lessor to provide us with a copy of any written notice of deficiency under the lease sent to you, at the same time as notice is given to you (as the lessee under the lease), and which grants to us the right (but not obligation) to cure any deficiency by you under the lease within fifteen (15) business days after the expiration of the period in which you had to cure any such default should you fail to do so;

We may exercise this option by delivering a notice of intent to purchase to you within 30 days after the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

(c) Recognize your right to display and use the Proprietary Marks in accordance with the specifications required by the Manual, subject only to the provisions of applicable law; (d) Require that the premises be used solely for the operation of a Franchised Business; and (e) Acknowledge that, if this Agreement is terminated or expires (without you renewing your franchise rights): (i) you must take certain steps to de-identify the location as a Pizza Fusion Restaurant; and (ii) lessor will cooperate with us in enforcing your obligation to de-identity, including allowing us, our employees and/or agents to enter the premises and remove signs, dcor and materials that bear or display our Proprietary Marks, designs, or logos.

You agree that, at our option, you will sell to us any or all your assets used to operate the Franchised Business (including equipment, fixtures, furnishings, Delivery Vehicles, supplies, and inventory) that we ask in writing to purchase.

If we request in writing, you agree that your financial institution is authorized to send us a monthly statement of all activity in the designated account (and such other reports of the activity in the operating account as we reasonably request) at the same time as it sends such statements to you.

In order to preserve the goodwill of the System following termination, we (or our designee) have the right to enter the Premises (without liability to you, your Owners, or otherwise) for the purpose continuing the Franchised Business' operation and maintaining the goodwill of the business.

We have the right, both during and after the Term of this Agreement, to inspect, copy and audit your books and records, your federal, state and local tax returns, and any other forms, reports, information or data that we may reasonably designate.

We may conduct the examination or audit at our offices or those of a third-party, in which case we may require you to send us your records.

We have the right, at any time during normal business hours: (i) to conduct inspections of the Franchised Business; (ii) to interview your employees, work crews, and customers; and (iii) to review your business records, including those maintained electronically or off premises.

If Gross Revenues have been understated by more than 2% for the period covered by the examination or audit, you must also: (1) reimburse us for the full reasonable cost of the examination or audit, including, travel, lodging, meals, and wages of our representatives and the legal and accounting fees of any attorneys or independent accountants we use for the examination or audit; and (2) at our request, thereafter provide us with periodic audited financial statements.

You agree to submit financial and operational reports and records and documents to us at the times and in the manner specified in the Manual or other written instructions.

We reserve the right to reinspect the facilities and products of any approved supplier and to revoke approval if we find that the supplier fails to meet any of our then-current criteria.

To permit us or our representatives to inspect your operations to assure that you are properly using the Proprietary Marks;

We have the ongoing right to inspect any proposed supplier's facilities and to test samples of the proposed products or services.

Any and all claims and actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the relationship between you and us, or your operation of the Restaurant, brought by any party hereto against the other, must be commenced within one (1) year from the occurrence of the facts giving rise to such claim or action, or, it is expressly acknowledged and agreed by all parties, such claim or action will be irrevocably barred.

Each of us waives any right to or claim of punitive, exemplary, multiple, or consequential damages against the other in litigation and agrees to be limited to the recovery of actual damages sustained.

Nevertheless, the parties agree that the lump-sum payment provided under Section 16.4 [Liquidated Damages] above is reasonable in light of the damages for premature termination that may reasonably be expected to occur in such event.

The amounts contemplated under Section 16.4 [Liquidated Damages] above is not a penalty and is intended by the parties only as a compensatory remedy for past breaches and not as a preventative remedy to deter future breaches.

If this Agreement is terminated due to your default, you must, upon written demand, pay us a lump-sum payment in an amount calculated as follows: (a) the average of your Royalty fees and Advertising Contributions due for the last 60 months before our delivery of notice of default (or, if lesser, the months you had been operating before our delivery of notice of default), (b) multiplied by the lesser of 60 or the number of months remaining in the term of this Agreement.

The payments called for in Section 16.4 [Liquidated Damages] above constitute liquidated damages for causing the premature termination of this Agreement and not a penalty.

Policies that we require must be written by an insurance company reasonably satisfactory to us with an A.M. Best rating of "A" or better, and, must name us as an additional insured party.

(b) workers'-compensation coverage in the amount of at least $100,000/$500,000/$100,000, unemployment insurance and employer's liability insurance, as well as such other insurance as may be required by statute or rule of the state in which the Franchised Business is located; (c) fire, lightning, vandalism, theft, malicious mischief, flood (if in a special flood-hazard area), sprinkler damage, and the perils described in ex-tended-coverage insurance with primary and excess limits of not less than the full-replacement value of the supplies, furniture, fixtures, equipment, machinery, inventory, and plate glass having a deductible of not more than $1,000 and naming us as a loss payee; (d) automobile liability insurance-including coverage of vehicles not owned by you, but used by employees in connection with the Franchised Business, with a combination of primary and excess limits of not less than $1,000,000; (e) commercial blanket bond in the amount of $100,000; and (f) such other insurance, in such amounts, as we reasonably require for our and your protection.

You must also cause the general contractor to maintain workers' compensation and employer's liability insurance as may be required by law.

If we do so and you choose not to use our recommended construction manager, you must hire a general contractor who is reasonably acceptable to us and who must have the following minimum insurance coverage: (a) commercial general liability in an amount of $2,000,000 combined single limit; (b) comprehensive automobile liability for owned, hired and non-owned motor vehicles in an amount of $1,000,000 combined single limit; (c) workers' compensation, occupational diseases and disability benefits in accordance with applicable statutory requirements; (d) employers' liability in an amount of $1,000,000; (e) employee fidelity bond of $2,000,000; and (f) umbrella form excess liability insurance in excess of the limits provided by the commercial general liability policy required above with limits of $3,000,000 per occurrence and annual aggregate.

You must obtain and maintain appropriate insurance coverage for you and for our benefit, including any minimum coverages that we may establish.

(f) obtain and maintain in force during the entire period of construction the insurance required under this Agreement or as otherwise specified in the Manuals;

By the dates specified below, an approved insurance company must issue a certificate of insurance showing compliance with the insurance requirements in this Section 6.19 [Insurance] and you must furnish us with a paid receipt showing the certificate number: (a) 30 days before beginning construction of the Premises; (b) if the Premises are constructed and presently owned or leased by you, 10 days from the Agreement Date; or (c) if the Premises are not presently owned or leased, 10 days after ownership of the Premises is conveyed to you or you sign a lease for the Premises. The certificate of insurance must include a statement by the insurer that the policy or policies may not be canceled, subject to nonrenewal, or materially altered without at least 30 days' prior written notice to us. Upon our request, you must supply us with copies of all insurance policies and proof of payment. Every year, you must send us current certificates of insurance and copies of all insurance policies.

Throughout the entire Term, you must maintain such types of insurance, in such amounts, as we may require.

At a minimum, such policies must include the following: (a) commercial general liability insurance, completed-operations and independent-contractors coverage in the amount of $1,000,000, per person/per occurrence for bodily injury and property damage combined with a general aggregate of $3,000,000.

At any time, we may adjust the amounts of coverage required under such insurance policies and require different or additional kinds of insurance, including excess liability insurance.

Such insurance must be in the amount of at least $1,000,000 and must name us and you as an additional named insured party, as our respective interests may appear.

In connection with any construction, renovation, refurbishment, or remodeling of the Premises, you must cause the general contractor to maintain commercial general liability insurance (with comprehensive automobile liability coverage for both owned and non-owned vehicles, builder's risk, product liability, and independent contractors coverage) with a reputable insurer.

You agree that you will do all of the following things:

To accept the validity of the Proprietary Marks as they exist now and in the future and agree that you will not contest the validity of any of the Proprietary Marks at any time;

You and all Owners must execute a general release, in a form satisfactory to us, of all claims against us and our past, present and future affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, agents and employees.

During the Term of this Agreement and after its expiration or termination, you agree not to directly or indirectly contest, or aid in contesting, the validity or ownership of the Proprietary Marks or take any action detrimental to our rights in the Proprietary Marks.

License and Hosting Agreement

COMMERCE ONE

Commerce One, Inc.

CORIO

Corio Inc.

October 29, 1999

October 29, 1999

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date         and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of         five (5) years.

Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for         subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party provides the other         party with written notification at least thirty (30) days prior to the         expiration of the initial five (5) year term or any one (1) year renewal         thereof of its intention to terminate this Agreement.

Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for         subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party provides the other         party with written notification at least thirty (30) days prior to the         expiration of the initial five (5) year term or any one (1) year renewal         thereof of its intention to terminate this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be governed by         the laws of the State of California, USA, excluding conflict of laws         provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts         for the International Sale of Goods.

Notwithstanding the         foregoing, either party shall have the right to assign this Agreement in         connection with the merger or acquisition of such party or the sale of         all or substantially all of its assets related to this Agreement without         such consent, except in the case where such transaction involves a         direct competitor of the other party where consent of the other party         will be required.

Neither party may assign this Agreement or any rights or         obligations hereunder, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without         the prior written consent of the other party.

Any assignment in violation of this Section 14.1         shall be null and void.

In         addition, the parties shall share certain revenues related to purchases         made by Customers utilizing Commerce One's MarketSite.net Service, as         set forth in EXHIBIT B hereto.

Subject to Commerce One's pre-existing ownership of any         materials or technology provided to Corio, the results of all such         development efforts set forth in this Section 13, including all         intellectual property rights in any software interface coding or         programs created solely by Corio during the term of this Agreement to         enable the Software to operated within the Corio Servers' hosted         environment ("DEVELOPMENTS"), shall be owned by Corio, unless such         Developments are supported on an ongoing basis by Commerce One in which         case Commerce One will retain all ownership rights, including





     intellectual property rights in the Developments.

To the extent that         Commerce One would otherwise have a claim of ownership in such         Developments, Commerce One hereby assigns all rights in and to such         Developments to Corio.

Ownership of intellectual         property rights to any enhancements, modifications or derivative works         to the Software itself which may be developed jointly by the parties or         solely by Corio shall be negotiated by the parties prior to the start of         any such development work.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this         Agreement, Commerce One grants to Corio a nonexclusive, nontransferable         (except in accordance with Section 14.1 of this Agreement),         royalty-free, fully paid up, perpetual right and license in the         Territory to reproduce, install and use additional copies of the         Software and Software tools and utilities, subject to any restrictions         placed on the Commerce One by third party software providers, in machine         executable object code for (i) Corio's internal business operations and         (ii) production, testing, development, upgrade, reporting and training.

Upon the release of the Source Code to Corio pursuant to         Section 12.2 of this Agreement, Corio shall have a royalty-free,         nonexclusive, nontransferable, right and license in the Territory to use         and modify the Source Code to support and maintain the Software until         the expiration or termination of Corio's Customers' End User License         Agreements.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this         Agreement, Commerce One hereby grants to Corio a nonexclusive,         nontransferable (except in accordance with Section 14.1 of this         Agreement), right and license in the Territory to sell and distribute         such software licenses to Customers pursuant to this Section 2.4.

During the term of this Agreement, each party         authorizes the other party to display and use the other's trademarks,         trade names and logos (collectively, the TRADEMARKS) in connection with         that party's sale, advertisement, service and promotion of the Corio         Services or the Software and MarketSite.net Service.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this         Agreement, Commerce One hereby grants to Corio a nonexclusive,         nontransferable (except in accordance with Section 14.1 of this         Agreement) royalty-free, fully paid up right and license in the         Territory, on Corio Servers, to make a reasonable number of copies of         the Demonstration Software solely for demonstration purposes to         potential Customer

Subject to the terms and conditions of this         Agreement, Commerce One hereby grants to Corio a fee-bearing, perpetual         and irrevocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable (except in accordance         with Section 14.1 of this Agreement), right and license in the Territory         to (i) reproduce the Software in machine executable object code format         only for installation on the Corio Servers; (ii) install multiple copies         of the Software on Corio's Servers which will be made remotely         accessible to Corio's Customers for their subsequent use, (iii) permit         limited access to and use of the Software and MarketSite.net Service by         Customers through Corio Servers; (iv) sublicense an unlimited number of         Customers to access and use the Software and MarketSite.net Service only         through the installation on Corio servers; and (v) use Commerce One's         tools and utilities, subject to any restrictions placed on the Commerce         One by third party software providers, to modify and manage the         Software.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this         Agreement, Commerce One grants to Corio a nonexclusive, nontransferable         (except in accordance with Section 14.1 of this Agreement),         royalty-free, fully paid up, perpetual right and license in the         Territory to reproduce, install and use additional copies of the         Software and Software tools and utilities, subject to any restrictions         placed on the Commerce One by third party software providers, in machine         executable object code for (i) Corio's internal business operations and         (ii) production, testing, development, upgrade, reporting and training.

Upon the release of the Source Code to Corio pursuant to         Section 12.2 of this Agreement, Corio shall have a royalty-free,         nonexclusive, nontransferable, right and license in the Territory to use         and modify the Source Code to support and maintain the Software until         the expiration or termination of Corio's Customers' End User License         Agreements.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this         Agreement, Commerce One hereby grants to Corio a nonexclusive,         nontransferable (except in accordance with Section 14.1 of this         Agreement), right and license in the Territory to sell and distribute         such software licenses to Customers pursuant to this Section 2.4.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this         Agreement, Commerce One hereby grants to Corio a fee-bearing, perpetual         and irrevocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable (except in accordance         with Section 14.1 of this Agreement), right and license in the Territory         to (i) reproduce the Software in machine executable object code format         only for installation on the Corio Servers; (ii) install multiple copies         of the Software on Corio's Servers which will be made remotely         accessible to Corio's Customers for their subsequent use, (iii) permit         limited access to and use of the Software and MarketSite.net Service by         Customers through Corio Servers; (iv) sublicense an unlimited number of         Customers to access and use the Software and MarketSite.net Service only         through the installation on Corio servers; and (v) use Commerce One's         tools and utilities, subject to any restrictions placed on the Commerce         One by third party software providers, to modify and manage the         Software.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this         Agreement, Commerce One hereby grants to Corio a nonexclusive,         nontransferable (except in accordance with Section 14.1 of this         Agreement) royalty-free, fully paid up right and license in the         Territory, on Corio Servers, to make a reasonable number of copies of         the Demonstration Software solely for demonstration purposes to         potential Customers.

(iv) sublicense an unlimited number of         Customers to access and use the Software and MarketSite.net Service only         through the installation on Corio servers;

Subject to the terms and conditions of this         Agreement, Commerce One hereby grants to Corio a fee-bearing, perpetual         and irrevocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable (except in accordance         with Section 14.1 of this Agreement), right and license in the Territory         to

Subject to the terms and conditions of this         Agreement, Commerce One grants to Corio a nonexclusive, nontransferable         (except in accordance with Section 14.1 of this Agreement),         royalty-free, fully paid up, perpetual right and license in the         Territory to reproduce, install and use additional copies of the         Software and Software tools and utilities, subject to any restrictions         placed on the Commerce One by third party software providers, in machine         executable object code for (i) Corio's internal business operations and         (ii) production, testing, development, upgrade, reporting and training.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this         Agreement, Commerce One hereby grants to Corio a fee-bearing, perpetual         and irrevocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable (except in accordance         with Section 14.1 of this Agreement), right and license in the Territory         to (i) reproduce the Software in machine executable object code format         only for installation on the Corio Servers; (ii) install multiple copies         of the Software on Corio's Servers which will be made remotely         accessible to Corio's Customers for their subsequent use, (iii) permit         limited access to and use of the Software and MarketSite.net Service by         Customers through Corio Servers; (iv) sublicense an unlimited number of         Customers to access and use the Software and MarketSite.net Service only         through the installation on Corio servers; and (v) use Commerce One's         tools and utilities, subject to any restrictions placed on the Commerce         One by third party software providers, to modify and manage the         Software.

Within sixty (60) days of the Effective Date, Commerce         One agrees to execute an escrow agreement by and among Corio, Commerce         One and a mutually acceptable escrow agent (the "ESCROW AGENT").

Upon the release of the Source Code to Corio pursuant to         Section 12.2 of this Agreement, Corio shall have a royalty-free,         nonexclusive, nontransferable, right and license in the Territory to use         and modify the Source Code to support and maintain the Software until         the expiration or termination of Corio's Customers' End User License         Agreements.

The         Escrow Agent shall require Commerce One to place in an

Corio shall notify Commerce One in writing if it believes that         one of the following events (the "RELEASE CONDITIONS") has occurred and         that it intends to seek release of the Source Code from the escrow         account: (i) Commerce One's dissolution or ceasing to do business in the         normal course, or (ii) Commerce One's repeated and material breach of         its support and maintenance obligations under Section 5 of this         Agreement and such breach is not cured within sixty (60) days of receipt         of written notice thereof from Corio. If Commerce One notifies Corio in         writing that it disputes whether any such event has occurred, officers         of each of the parties shall negotiate for a period of ten (10) business         days to attempt to resolve the dispute. At the end of such ten (10)         business day period, if the parties have not resolved the dispute, the         matter shall be referred to arbitration in the manner provided in         Section 14.3 of this Agreement.

escrow account in California a copy of the source code of the Software





     including all Updates and Upgrades thereto, documentation and similar         materials (the SOURCE CODE).

If a Release Condition (as defined in Section 12.2         of this Agreement) occurs and the Escrow Agent provides the Source Code         to Corio under the escrow agreement, Corio agrees to hold the Source         Code in confidence pursuant to the provisions contained in Section 10 of         this Agreement, and not to use them for any purpose other than those         purposes contemplated under Section 12.3 of this Agreement.

Corio         shall bear all fees, expenses and other charges to open and maintain         such escrow account.

Subject to Corio's payment of the annual support and         maintenance fee, Commerce One's support and maintenance obligation of         the Software and MarketSite.net Service shall continue after termination         or expiration of this Agreement with respect to all Software Users         granted access to the Software and MarketSite.net Service prior to         termination or expiration of this Agreement.

In addition, if         any such inspection reveals an underpayment of more than five percent         (5%) for the period under audit, Corio shall reimburse Commerce One for         the reasonable cost of the examination.

Such books and records shall be kept for at least three (3)         years following the end of the calendar month to which they pertain, and         shall be open for inspection by an independent certified public         accountant reasonably acceptable to Corio for the purpose of verifying         the amounts payable to Commerce One under this Agreement. Such         inspections may be made no more than once each calendar year, at         reasonable times and upon reasonable notice.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING UNDER SECTION 8 OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO         EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR         THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY         PAID BY CORIO HEREUNDER FOR THE TRANSACTION WHICH THE LIABILITY RELATES         TO DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE FILING OF THE         CAUSE OF ACTION TO WHICH THE LIABILITY RELATES.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING UNDER SECTION 8 OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO         EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR         THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY         PAID BY CORIO HEREUNDER FOR THE TRANSACTION WHICH THE LIABILITY RELATES         TO DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE FILING OF THE         CAUSE OF ACTION TO WHICH THE LIABILITY RELATES. EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY         ARISING UNDER SECTION 8 OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER         PARTY HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR         COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY         INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY         THEORY OF LIABILITY AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF         THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The foregoing are         Corio's sole and exclusive remedies for breach of product warranty.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY         ARISING UNDER SECTION 8 OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER         PARTY HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR         COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY         INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY         THEORY OF LIABILITY AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF         THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

In addition,         Commerce One warrants that during the Warranty Period the Software and         MarketSite.net Service is free of any willfully introduced computer         virus, or any other similar harmful, malicious or hidden program or         data, which is designed to disable, erase, or alter the Software, or any         other files, data, or software.

Commerce One warrants that the Software and         MarketSite.net Service will perform in substantial accordance with the         Documentation, and the media on which the Software is distributed will         be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use, for         a period of sixty (60) days from the Effective Date, but in no event not         later than December 31, 1999 (the "Warranty Period").

Commerce One will replace any         defective media returned to Commerce One during the Warranty Period.

In         the event any such breach of warranty can not be reasonably corrected at         Commerce One's sole expense, Corio has the right to terminate this         Agreement and receive a refund of all prepaid fees.

If during the Warranty Period the         Software and MarketSite.net Service does not perform in substantial         compliance with the Documentation, Commerce One shall take all         commercially reasonable efforts to correct the Software and         MarketSite.net Service, or if correction of the Software and         MarketSite.net Service is reasonably not possible, replace such Software         and MarketSite.net Service free of charge.

Each party covenants that         it shall not, under any circumstances, sue the other party (or its         officers, directors, successors and assigns) or any of that parties'         licensees, customers, or distributors ("Protected Entities") for patent         infringment under any future patents or future patent rights relating to         said Developments, that either party owns or controls, so long as that         Protected Entity has a license from Commerce One or Corio to the         Software, or to a product that is a modification of, derivative work         based on, or replacement for the Software.

Collaboration Agreement

Party B

Party A and Party B shall be individually referred to as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

Hunan Ruixi Financial Leasing Co., Ltd

Party A

Didi Chuxing Technology Co., Ltd.

December 17, 2018

The Agreement executed offline in paper form shall become effective upon the completion of the execution by both Parties (hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Date"); and the Agreement executed online in electronic form shall become effective upon the completion of the execution on the Contracting Platform by both Parties (hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Date") recorded by the third-party Online Document Depository.

December 17, 2018

Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.

The execution, validation, interpretation, performance, modification and termination of this Agreement and the settlement of disputes under this Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of China.

Party B shall provide the Driver User with long-term and stable rental sources and the most favorable financial leasing scheme, complete the vehicle leasing transactions with the Driver User through the Platform, and provide the Driver User with high-quality financial leasing services.

Party B guarantees that the Driver User will enjoy the most favorable treatment in accordance with the terms and conditions stipulated in This Agreement during the Period of Cooperation.

In case that the price and other substantive terms offered by Party B to such entity are more favorable than those enjoyed by the Driver User in any commercial cooperative relationship signed or formed between Party B and any entity, the Driver User and Party B shall amend the provisions in the Financial Leasing Agreement signed by both parties to enable the Driver User to enjoy the same or more favorable provisions as those enjoyed by such other entities, such modifications shall include but not limit to the modifications of the monthly rent terms.

The following acts constitute Class D breaches.

10.4.11 In consideration of the fact that Party B may have access to the relevant trade secrets of Didi during the cooperation, Party B or Party B's any affiliate cooperates with any entity competitive with Didi (including but not limited to Meituan, CAR, Yongche, izu, Caocao, Dida) in any form without prior written notice to and confirmation by Didi; 10.4.12 Party B introduces the entities competitive with Didi (including but not limited to Meituan, CAR, Yongche, izu, Caocao, Dida) to Driver Users, and induces Driver Users to conduct activities directly competing or conflicting with Didi;

Party A is entitled to unilaterally terminate this Agreement within three natural months from the signing date of this Agreement.

In the case of a written notice 15 days in advance from either party to the other Party And a payment of the liquidated damages of RMB10,000 (RMB TEN THOUSAND), this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of termination stated in the notice of termination.

During the term of this Agreement, neither party may assign, or transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other party.

After the termination of this Agreement, Party B shall strictly perform the Financial Leasing Agreement signed with the Driver User until the lease expires.

Party B has fully understood the functions and characteristics of services of the Platform prior to the use of the Platform and agrees that Party A shall not be liable to Party B for any defect in software, insufficiency of function or any necessary improvement.

Party B's use of the Platform and the acquisition of any information by using the Platform are solely at Party B's independent judgment and is at Party B's own risk (including but not limited to the losses caused by damage to Party B's computer system or mobile phone system or loss of data.)

Unless any party is in violation of the confidentiality clause, in any case, neither party shall be liable for any indirect, punitive claims, or claims for losses of commercial profits, or damages for business losses of the company or any third Party Arising from this Agreement, or for any loss or inaccuracy of data of any form, whether based on Agreement, tort or any other legal principle, even though the party has been informed of the possibility of such damage.

The following acts constitute Class C breaches. In the event of any breach below by Party B, Party B shall immediately remedy the breach, and Party A is entitled to request Party B to pay the liquidated damages of an amount from RMB5,000 (RMB FIVE THOUSAND) to RMB50,000 (RMB FIFTY THOUSAND) based on the consequences of the breach, and send the Confirmation Letter on the Breach of the Partner of Xiaoju Online Ride-hailing Marketplace to Party B.

If Party B shall pay liquidated damages for breach of this Agreement or violation of the platform rules, Party A is entitled to request Party B to pay the liquidated damages.

The following acts constitute Class D breaches. In the event of any breach below by Party B, Party B shall immediately remedy the breach, and Party A is entitled to request Party B to pay the liquidated damages of not less than RMB50,000 (RMB FIFTY THOUSAND) based on the consequences of the breach, and send the Confirmation Letter on the Breach of the Partner of Xiaoju Online Ride-hailing Marketplace to Party B, and terminate the Agreement.

In such case, Party A is entitled to immediately terminate the Agreement and the cooperation relationship between the Parties, and request Party B to pay the liquidated damages of RMB50,000 (RMB FIFTY THOUSAND) and indemnify for all losses incurred to Party A thereby.

In the case of a written notice 15 days in advance from either party to the other Party And a payment of the liquidated damages of RMB10,000 (RMB TEN THOUSAND), this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of termination stated in the notice of termination.

In case that the Driver User unilaterally terminates the Financial Leasing Agreement in advance, Party B shall collect the liquidated damages from the Driver User within 30% of the "down payment + total monthly rent + last payment" stipulated in the Financial Leasing Agreement;

Any violation of this article by Party B shall be considered as a material breach of the this Agreement, and Party A is entitled to immediately terminate this Agreement and the cooperation relationship between the Parties, and request Party B to pay the liquidated damages of RMB 50,000 (RMB FIFTY THOUSAND) and indemnify for all losses incurred to Party A thereby.

In this case, Party B shall pay additional deposit equivalent to the liquidated damages when it pays the liquidated damages.

For example, if Party B shall pay liquidated damages as much as RMB N, it shall pay additional RMB N to increase the deposit paid in accordance with Article 4.2 after it pays the liquidated damages or Party A deducts the liquidated damages from the deposit.

The following acts constitute Class B breaches. In the event of any breach below by Party B, Party B shall immediately remedy the breach, and Party A is entitled to request Party B to pay the liquidated damages of an amount from RMB1,000 (RMB ONE THOUSAND) to RMB 5,000 (RMB FIVE THOUSAND) based on the consequences of the breach, and send the Confirmation Letter on the Breach of the Partner of Xiaoju Online Ride-hailing Marketplace to Party B.

WALABOT-HOME RESELLER AGREEMENT

Vayyar Imaging Ltd.

Inde Living Holdings, Inc.

Vayyar and Reseller shall be referred to individually as "Party" and collectively as "Parties".

Reseller

Supplier

31 day of July 2019

31 day of July 2019

This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").

Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive 1-year terms (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").

Following the Initial Term, either Party may terminate this Agreement without cause upon written notice to the other Party of at least 3 months.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York and all disputes and controversies arising out of or in connection with the Agreement shall be brought exclusively before the competent courts in New York County, New York; provided however that judgment shall be enforceable in any country and that nothing in this Section shall prevent or restrict either Party from seeking interim relief in any competent jurisdiction as it may deem fit.

Following the Initial Term, either Party may terminate this Agreement without cause upon written notice to the other Party of at least 3 months.

Supplier and/or Reseller may assign or novate this Agreement and the rights and obligations under it to any of its affiliates or upon any merger or acquisition or the sale of all or substantially all of its assets relating to the Agreement.

Any purported assignment of rights in violation of this subsection is void.

"MOQ" means the minimum order quantity of Product units during the Initial Term, as set forth in Schedule 1.

If Reseller fails to submit Orders with an aggregate value equal to or greater than the MOQ, then Reseller shall pay Supplier a sum equal to the shortfall, within 30 days after the end of the Initial Term.

In connection with the foregoing appointment, Supplier hereby grants Reseller a non-transferable, revocable, limited right to resell, market, promote, stimulate interest in, and solicit Orders by Customers and/or End Users in the Territory for the Products and to provide services in connection with those activities.

In connection with the foregoing appointment, Supplier hereby grants Reseller a non-transferable, revocable, limited right to resell, market, promote, stimulate interest in, and solicit Orders by Customers and/or End Users in the Territory for the Products and to provide services in connection with those activities.

In addition to the foregoing, if, at the time of termination of this Agreement, Reseller shall have additional Product units in its inventory and is able to sell them to Customers and/or End Users (including, without limitation, any Product units for which Reseller has or is obligated to pay the Supplier the purchase price therefor but which have not yet been delivered to the Reseller by Supplier, which Supplier hereby agrees to either deliver as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement as if it had not terminated or to refund the purchase price therefor), then the licenses and appointments described in Section 2 shall remain in effect with respect to such unsold Product units (and such Section 2 shall not terminate) until the earlier of (i) the date on which the last Product in Reseller's inventory is sold to a Customer and/or End User, or (ii) 1 year from the date of the termination of this Agreement.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPPLIER BE LIABLE UNDER, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT FOR: (A) ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES; (B) ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS; (C) ANY LOSS OF, OR DAMAGE TO, DATA, REPUTATION, OR GOODWILL; AND/OR (D) THE COST OF PROCURING ANY SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES.

ANY SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES. THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF SUPPLIER UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE EQUAL TO THE LESSER OF: (i) ***; AND (ii) ***.

Distribution Agreement

AEIS

Schoolpop, Inc.

Schoolpop

American Express Incentive Services, L.L.C.

This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.

This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.

This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed                   in the State of Missouri and any dispute arising thereunder                   shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the State of                   Missouri, without reference to its rules governing conflicts                   of law.

This Agreement shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the          State of Missouri, USA.

AEIS, on its own behalf, reserves the right to                   market its Cards and other products and services directly as

1

well as through additional firms on terms and conditions that                   it selects in its sole discretion, provided that no such sales                   shall take place within the NPO Marketplace.

Schoolpop shall have the exclusive right to resell Cards in                   the NPO Marketplace.

In any Contract Year                   in which Schoolpop fails to fund the Guaranteed Minimum, AEIS                   shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to (a) terminate                   the Agreement or (b) revoke the exclusivity.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Schoolpop                   shall fund from AEIS a minimum of $52,000,000 of Cards (the                   "Guaranteed Minimum") in each Contract Year in order to                   maintain the exclusive right to sell Cards in the NPO                   Marketplace.

Schoolpop understands and agrees that this Agreement does not                   grant Schoolpop any exclusive right to market the Cards or any                   other AEIS products and services outside of the NPO                   Marketplace.

This Agreement (a) may not be assigned by Seller without the written          consent of AEIS, except to an entity controlling, controlled by or          under common control with Seller, provided, however, Schoolpop shall          remain liable for the obligations contained herein including the          attachments and Exhibits thereto, and (b) may be modified only by an          agreement in writing signed on behalf of AEIS by an executive officer.

No right or interest in this Agreement shall be assigned by                   Schoolpop without prior written permission of AEIS, which                   shall not be unreasonably withheld.

In any consecutive three (3) month period in which the                   difference between the Card Inventory Forecast less the actual                   Card Order volume for that period is a shortage of ten percent                   or greater (10%+), AEIS reserves the right to assess a                   penalty, ("Card Inventory Penalty") of sixteen and one-half                   cents ($0.165) per Card for such difference as detailed in                   Examples 1 and 2 below.

In any Contract Year                   in which Schoolpop fails to fund the Guaranteed Minimum, AEIS                   shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to (a) terminate                   the Agreement or (b) revoke the exclusivity.

The parties agree that the minimum number required for the                   category Card shall be not less than 70% of the consumer                   categories contained within Exhibit 5; and the grocery Card                   not less than 70% national coverage to launch each                   respectively.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Schoolpop                   shall fund from AEIS a minimum of $52,000,000 of Cards (the                   "Guaranteed Minimum") in each Contract Year in order to                   maintain the exclusive right to sell Cards in the NPO                   Marketplace.

This limit                 &sbsp; shall consist of a maximum Card value of $1,500,000 in                   Encompass(R) Select Cards and $1,500,000 Card value in any                   other product (s).

At any given time during this Agreement, Schoolpop's inactive                   Card inventory shall be limited to $3,000,000 in Card value as                   determined by the Point denomination on each Card.

In the event                   that Schoolpop exceeds either of these limits, AEIS shall                   cease fulfilling Orders from Schoolpop until such time that                   Schoolpop's inventory returns to an acceptable level based on                   the established maximums.

Effective January 1, 2005, after which                   Encompass(R) Select shall no longer be available to Schoolpop,                   the maximum inactive Card value shall not exceed $3,000,000 in                   any combination of products at any given time.

From the Effective Date through September 30, 2004, Schoolpop                   may order non-standard Encompass(R) Select denominations                   (other than 25, 50, 75, and 100 Points) up to a maximum of 200                   Points.

Upon termination of this Agreement, Schoolpop shall have the                   right to continue to sell any Cards in its possession for a                   period of three (3) months following the effective date of                   termination, subject to compliance with the applicable terms                   and conditions set forth herein, provided however, that                   termination of the Agreement is not due to a breach of                   representation or warranty of the Agreement by Schoolpop in                   which case Schoolpop shall discontinue selling Cards                   immediately upon termination.

AEIS and/or their appointed representatives of AEIS or                   American Express Travel Related Services Inc. as solely                   determined by AEIS, shall be entitled to inspect and approve                   Seller's safekeeping facilities at any time during normal                   business hours.

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the                   cumulative liability of the parties to one another for any                   claims, liabilities, losses, damages or expenses, direct or                   indirect, arising out of or related to this Agreement shall                   not exceed the lesser of $50,000 or (not including other                   funding amounts such as the Point value of Cards) or the                   amount paid by Schoolpop to AEIS for the immediately preceding                   twelve (12) months provided, however, that in no event shall                   this limitation of liability apply to any claims, liabilities,                   losses, damages, or expenses, direct or indirect, arising out                   of or related to this Agreement brought by the actions of                   Schoolpop pursuant to paragraphs 4(e), 4(i), 4(k), 4(p), 5(a),                   5(b), 6(b), 7(a), 7(d), 14(d.iii), 9(f) and Sections 2, 3 11,                   12, and 13, and Exhibit 1 of this Agreement. In no event shall





either party be liable to the other, under any theory, for                   lost profits, exemplary, punitive, special incidental,                   indirect, or consequential damages.

Schoolpop shall, during the term of this Agreement, at its own                   cost and expense, procure with sound and reputable insurers,                   the following insurance coverage's: (i) Workers' Compensation                   Insurance in an amount not less than the statutory limits for                   the state(s), country or province in where the services are to                   be performed; (ii) Employer's Liability Insurance not less                   than (a) $100,000 per occurrence, and not less than $100,000                   aggregate limit of liability per policy year for disease,                   including death at any time resulting therefrom, not caused by                   accident or (b) such amount as required by law, whichever is                   higher; (iii) Comprehensive General Liability Insurance,                   including blanket extended coverage against all hazards,                   including personal injury and death resulting therefrom, for                   not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence, and not less than                   $2,000,000 aggregate; (iv) Automobile Liability insurance                   against liability arising from the maintenance or use of all                   owned, non-owned and hired automobiles and trucks used to                   provide services, with (a) a minimum limit of liability for                   bodily injury of $1,000,000 in the aggregate, and with a                   minimum limit of liability for property damage of $500,000 per                   accident, or (b) amount as required by law, whichever is                   higher; and (v) fidelity or crime policy of not less than                   $3,000,000 in the aggregate against misappropriation and/or                   destruction of Cards.

Each policy of insurance which                   Schoolpop is required to possess under this Agreement shall                   name AEIS, and its Directors, Officers, and Employees, as                   additional insured in the insurance policy limits herein                   required.

LICENSING AND WEB SITE HOSTING AGREEMENT

Client

Mortgage Logic.com, Inc.

TrueLink

TrueLink, Inc.

February 26, 1999

February 26, 1999

This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.

This Agreement shall renew automatically thereafter for successive one year periods until terminated pursuant to Section 12 herein or unless either Client or TrueLink deliver to the other written notice of intent not to renew no later than thirty (30) days prior to the end of said year.

This Agreement shall renew automatically thereafter for successive one year periods until terminated pursuant to Section 12 herein or unless either Client or TrueLink deliver to the other written notice of intent not to renew no later than thirty (30) days prior to the end of said year.

This Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California (without respect to principles of conflicts of law).

Neither party shall assign or transfer any of its rights under this Agreement without the prior written approval of the other party, except no such approval shall be required for an assignment to a financially responsible affiliate.

Client will pay TrueLink's fees for requested Hosting Services and Support Services pursuant to the schedule of charges set forth on Exhibits "A" and "B" attached hereto, (but not less than $____ per month for the Hosting Services and $____ per month for Support Services).

TrueLink hereby grants to Client a non-exclusive license to use the Interface in the ordinary course of its business of the origination, underwriting, processing and funding of consumer finance receivables in accordance with this Agreement.

Client hereby grants to TrueLink the nonexclusive worldwide right and license to use, distribute, disseminate, license, resell, exploit, upload, display, copy and store Credit Data subject to the limitations set forth in and in accordance with the Non-Competition Agreement.

The license granted to Client pursuant to section 2(a) consists of the following rights:

                     i.      Use and execution of the Interface on a compatible software platform (as such compatibility specifications may be issued by TrueLink from time to time); and

                     ii.     Access to the Interface from multiple computer located at those sites listed on Exhibit "A." Client may amend Exhibit "A" by giving TrueLink written notice of the new sites.

IN NO EVENT SHALL TRUELINK'S LIABILITY FOR ANY MATTER ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO SECTION 3, 4, 7 AND 11 THIS AGREEMENT (OTHER THAN DUE TO A BREACH RESULTING FROM TRUELINK'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT) EXCEED THE TOTAL COMPENSATION PAID FOR HOSTING AND SUPPORT SERVICES OVER THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING 12 MONTHS PERIOD.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

Energous Corporation

DIALOG

Dialog Semiconductor (UK) Ltd.

ENERGOUS

November 6, 2016

November 6, 2016

Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.

Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.

Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.

This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, exclusive of conflict of laws principles.

This Letter of Authorization will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California, excluding its conflict of laws provisions, and be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the California courts.

DIALOG will have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon the issuance of written notice to ENERGOUS (A) if ENERGOUS undergoes a Change of Control involving a competitor of DIALOG, or (B) if ENERGOUS acquires, whether directly through a sale of assets or through a Change of Control transaction, any competitor of DIALOG (as reasonably determined by DIALOG). ENERGOUS will provide DIALOG with notice of any such Change of Control or acquisition within [***] after the closing thereof and DIALOG's right to terminate the Agreement will expire [***] after receipt of such notice.

Until expiration or earlier termination of the Agreement, DIALOG agrees that it and its Affiliates will not, without ENERGOUS' written approval, intentionally sell, distribute or work with any third party to develop products incorporating any Uncoupled Power Transfer Technology other than Licensed Products; provided, however, that DIALOG shall not be under any such restrictions in relation to services or products it provides to the Key Customer in the event the Key Customer terminates its agreement with ENERGOUS.

ENERGOUS will have the right to terminate this Agreement, upon not less than [***] prior written notice to DIALOG, in the event that, following termination by the [***] of its agreement with ENERGOUS, DIALOG participates in or indicates its intention to participate in the development, design or manufacture of products incorporating Uncoupled Power Transfer Technology not provided by ENERGOUS to [***].

Subject to paragraph (b) of this Section 2.5, ENERGOUS will not, and will not enable any Semiconductor Supplier, to manufacture, have manufactured, offer for sale, sell, import or export the Products or Product Die in commercial volumes, except a Semiconductor Supplier to the Key Customer for use in the Excluded Applications.

If DIALOG decides to discontinue Sales of any Product, it will notify ENERGOUS at least [***] prior to such discontinuance, and following such notification, the exclusivity rights, if any, associated with that Product will cease; provided, however, this provision will not apply in the event that DIALOG continues Sales of Product Updates, repackaged Product Dies or MCMs.

For clarity, ENERGOUS shall not intentionally supply Products, Product Die or comparable products or product die to customers directly or through distribution channels.

However, ENERGOUS is allowed to engage with a Semiconductor Supplier to supply comparable products or product die to a customer if either (i) the customer which has not been engaged with DIALOG with respect to such product or product die notifies ENERGOUS or DIALOG in writing by an authorized officer of the customer that it does not want to use DIALOG or a DIALOG Affiliate as a supplier of such product or product die; or (ii) if DIALOG has been engaged with the customer, the customer notifies ENERGOUS or DIALOG in writing prior to commencement of the Design-In Phase that it does not want to use DIALOG or a DIALOG Affiliate as a supplier of such product or product die

During the Term and for a [***], neither party will without the written consent of the other party (which may be granted or denied in its sole discretion) (a) directly or indirectly recruit or solicit for employment or for the provision of services any employee of the other party, (b) otherwise solicit, induce or influence any employee to leave their employment with the other party, or (c) attempt to do any of the foregoing; provided, however, that the foregoing will not apply to (y) any employee of the other party that responds to a public advertisement of employment opportunities or (z) any employee that was terminated without cause by the other party. ENERGOUS and DIALOG acknowledge and agree that the covenants in this Section 18 are reasonable and necessary to protect each of their trade secrets, Confidential Information and stable workforces.

ENERGOUS may, at any time after the third anniversary of the Effective Date, terminate this Agreement with or without cause upon not less than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior written notice to DIALOG.

ENERGOUS may not negotiate with any third party the rights to market, sell or distribute any New Product until the earliest to occur of the following (a) DIALOG does not provide ENERGOUS with notice that it desires to add such New Product to this Agreement within the above-described [***] period, (b) ENERGOUS and DIALOG do not reach mutually agreeable terms for adding such New Product to this Agreement during the [***] negotiation period or (c) DIALOG provides ENERGOUS with written notice that it does not wish to negotiate with respect to such New Product.

In the event that ENERGOUS develops New Product, ENERGOUS will provide DIALOG with written notice describing the New Product before marketing, selling or distributing the New Product with or to any third party.

Upon receipt of such notice, DIALOG will have [***] to notify ENERGOUS in writing that it desires to add such New Product as Product under this Agreement.

If DIALOG provides such a notice, for a period of [***] following ENERGOUS' receipt of such notice, ENERGOUS and DIALOG will negotiate in good faith the terms pursuant to which such New Product will be added as a Product to this Agreement.

If ENERGOUS is acquired by a third party, ENERGOUS' acquirer will have the right, for a period of [***] following closing of such acquisition, to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to DIALOG.

Notice of Merger or Acquisition. Until the date that this Agreement terminates or is terminated in accordance with Section 15 hereof, ENERGOUS agrees that, [***].

DIALOG will have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon the issuance of written notice to ENERGOUS (A) if ENERGOUS undergoes a Change of Control involving a competitor of DIALOG, or (B) if ENERGOUS acquires, whether directly through a sale of assets or through a Change of Control transaction, any competitor of DIALOG (as reasonably determined by DIALOG). ENERGOUS will provide DIALOG with notice of any such Change of Control or acquisition within [***] after the closing thereof and DIALOG's right to terminate the Agreement will expire [***] after receipt of such notice.

If DIALOG is acquired by a third party, DIALOG's acquirer will have the right, for a period of [***] following closing of such acquisition, to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to ENERGOUS.

ENERGOUS will have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon the issuance of written notice to DIALOG (A) if DIALOG undergoes a Change of Control involving a competitor of ENERGOUS (as reasonably determined by ENERGOUS), or (B) if DIALOG or any of its Affiliates acquires, whether directly or indirectly through a sale of assets or a Change of Control transaction or otherwise, any competitor of ENERGOUS. DIALOG will provide ENERGOUS with notice of any such Change of Control or acquisition within [***] after the closing thereof and ENERGOUS' right to terminate the Agreement will expire [***] after receipt of such notice.

This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the express written consent of the other party, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that either party may (without consent but with notice to the other party) assign this Agreement in its entirety to any successor in the event of a Change of Control of such party.

Royalties and Service Fees payable by DIALOG and/or its Affiliates to ENERGOUS hereunder will be calculated on a Product by Product basis as defined herein.

DIALOG may terminate this Agreement, immediately upon issuance of written notice to ENERGOUS in the event that: (A) DIALOG or its Affiliates fail to achieve a design-win pipeline with an annual projected sales value to DIALOG of at least [***] in the [***] after the availability of a Mass Production Qualified Product; or (B) the aggregate annual Net Sales of Products are below [***] by the [***] of the availability of a Mass Production Qualified Product, or below [***] by the [***] of the availability of a Mass Production Qualified Product, or below [***] by each [***] of the availability of a Mass Production Qualified Product during the remainder of the Term.

Upon the termination of DIALOG's right to manufacture the Licensed Products following any expiration or termination of the Agreement or any Wind Down Period or Continuing Obligation period, as applicable, then all right, title and interest in the Tooling will automatically transfer to ENERGOUS subject to any Third Party IP, and DIALOG will, at ENERGOUS' option, either sell any Tooling in its possession to ENERGOUS at cost or destroy the Tooling and certify in writing as to same.

To the extent the parties engage in any co-branding activities, then, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and during the Term, each party (in such capacity, "Licensor") hereby grants to the other party (in such capacity, "Licensee") a non-exclusive, non- transferable, worldwide right and license (without the right to sublicense), under Licensor's Intellectual Property Rights in Licensor's Marks, to use those Marks of Licensor set forth in  Exhibit D solely in connection with the marketing, sale and distribution of such co-branded Products in accordance with this Agreement.

Until the earlier of (i) termination of ENERGOUS' exclusivity obligations to the Key Customer set forth in Exhibit F (the "Key Customer") existing as of the Effective Date with respect to the following applications, or (ii) [***] that incorporates ENERGOUS wireless charging technology, or (iii) [***] and subject to the exceptions set out in Section 2.3, DIALOG will not be permitted to Sell Licensed Products for use in the following applications (the "Excluded Applications"):   (a) [***];

(b) [***];   (c) [***];   (d) [***]; and   (e) [***] designed for use with any of the applications in paragraphs (a) to (d) of this Section 2.2.

Subject to the restrictions set out in Section 2.2, ENERGOUS hereby grants to DIALOG a non-exclusive (subject to Section 2.5), irrevocable, worldwide, sub-licensable (solely in accordance with Section 2.4), royalty-bearing license during the Term under all Product IP to:   (a) repackage or have repackaged the Product Die into various package formats or layouts, and to integrate the Product Die into MCMs, which may incorporate DIALOG or third party intellectual property (such repackaged Product Die, MCMs and Products, are individually and/or collectively referred to as the "Licensed Products");   (b) have the Licensed Products manufactured, tested and packaged by Manufacturing Subcontractors;   (c) Sell, offer for Sale, import, export and support the Licensed Products, including without limitation, providing system design, troubleshooting and failure analysis support for DIALOG's customers and their customers;   (d) use and modify the Tooling and Documentation for the purposes of paragraphs (a) to (d) of this Section 2.1.

ENERGOUS hereby grants DIALOG a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 2) license under the Product IP to use any of the Deposit Materials released from escrow for the purpose of fixing an Epidemic Defect or other Product design or production issue impacting yield or quality during the Term and, if applicable, any Wind Down Period or Continuing Obligation period, including, but not limited to, authorizing any third party subcontractor to manufacture and supply Products, provided, however, that DIALOG continues to make all Royalty payment owed to ENERGOUS (or the then-current owner of the Product IP) as provided in this Agreement.

For the avoidance of doubt, DIALOG will be permitted to Sell Licensed Products for use in any or all of the Excluded Applications (A) at any time on or after [***] or, if earlier, (B) [***] that incorporates ENERGOUS wireless charging technology, or (C) upon the termination of ENERGOUS' exclusivity obligations to the Key Customer existing as of the Effective Date with respect to the above applications.

To the extent the parties engage in any co-branding activities, then, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and during the Term, each party (in such capacity, "Licensor") hereby grants to the other party (in such capacity, "Licensee") a non-exclusive, non- transferable, worldwide right and license (without the right to sublicense), under Licensor's Intellectual Property Rights in Licensor's Marks, to use those Marks of Licensor set forth in  Exhibit D solely in connection with the marketing, sale and distribution of such co-branded Products in accordance with this Agreement.

ENERGOUS hereby grants DIALOG a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 2) license under the Product IP to use any of the Deposit Materials released from escrow for the purpose of fixing an Epidemic Defect or other Product design or production issue impacting yield or quality during the Term and, if applicable, any Wind Down Period or Continuing Obligation period, including, but not limited to, authorizing any third party subcontractor to manufacture and supply Products, provided, however, that DIALOG continues to make all Royalty payment owed to ENERGOUS (or the then-current owner of the Product IP) as provided in this Agreement.

DIALOG may sublicense the foregoing license rights to Manufacturing Subcontractors solely to the extent necessary and appropriate for them to manufacture, assemble, test and provide support for the Products.

DIALOG may not sublicense the foregoing license rights to any other third party without ENERGOUS' prior written consent.

Subject to the restrictions set out in Section 2.2, ENERGOUS hereby grants to DIALOG a non-exclusive (subject to Section 2.5), irrevocable, worldwide, sub-licensable (solely in accordance with Section 2.4), royalty-bearing license during the Term under all Product IP to:   (a) repackage or have repackaged the Product Die into various package formats or layouts, and to integrate the Product Die into MCMs, which may incorporate DIALOG or third party intellectual property (such repackaged Product Die, MCMs and Products, are individually and/or collectively referred to as the "Licensed Products");   (b) have the Licensed Products manufactured, tested and packaged by Manufacturing Subcontractors;   (c) Sell, offer for Sale, import, export and support the Licensed Products, including without limitation, providing system design, troubleshooting and failure analysis support for DIALOG's customers and their customers;   (d) use and modify the Tooling and Documentation for the purposes of paragraphs (a) to (d) of this Section 2.1.

"Product IP" means (a) all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Products, including all Product Updates, (b) any other Inventions and work products created or developed in connection with research and development or manufacturing efforts relating to the Products, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein and (c) all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Mask Sets and Tooling, in each of the foregoing cases, that are owned or controlled by ENERGOUS, its Affiliates or any successor or assign.

IALOG's license to possess and use the Deposit Materials does not include any right to disclose, market, sublicense or distribute the Deposit Materials to any third party other than its Affiliates and Manufacturing Subcontractors.

DIALOG may sublicense the foregoing license rights to any of its Affiliates.

Subject to the restrictions set out in Section 2.2, ENERGOUS hereby grants to DIALOG a non-exclusive (subject to Section 2.5), irrevocable, worldwide, sub-licensable (solely in accordance with Section 2.4), royalty-bearing license during the Term under all Product IP to:

In the event of any Insolvency Event and where the design files need to be accessed by DIALOG to fix an Epidemic Defect or other Product design or production issue impacting yield or quality ("Release Condition"), the Escrow Agent will, in accordance with the terms of the escrow agreement between the parties and the Escrow Agent (the "Escrow Agreement"), release the Deposit Materials to DIALOG.

ENERGOUS will at its expense, at DIALOG's written request during the Term and any Wind Down Period, enter into a three- party escrow deposit arrangement, in accordance with this Section 16, with a recognized escrow agent (the "Escrow Agent") of mutual agreement.

ENERGOUS will keep the Deposit Materials in escrow and ensure on a quarterly basis that all the information relating to the Deposit Materials in escrow is current, including deposit of any Product Updates.

ENERGOUS hereby grants DIALOG a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 2) license under the Product IP to use any of the Deposit Materials released from escrow for the purpose of fixing an Epidemic Defect or other Product design or production issue impacting yield or quality during the Term and, if applicable, any Wind Down Period or Continuing Obligation period, including, but not limited to, authorizing any third party subcontractor to manufacture and supply Products, provided, however, that DIALOG continues to make all Royalty payment owed to ENERGOUS (or the then-current owner of the Product IP) as provided in this Agreement.

DIALOG agrees not to exercise such license until occurrence of a Release Condition, subject to the other restrictions set forth in this Section 16.

In such event, the provisions of this Agreement that survive during the Wind Down Period will continue to survive for the remainder of the period of time that DIALOG is authorized to Sell Licensed Products to any customer in accordance with the foregoing sentence.

If, at the time of notice of any termination of this Agreement, DIALOG or any of its Affiliates has a written supply contract with a customer that extends beyond the end of the Wind Down Period (a "Continuing Obligation"), DIALOG and/or its Affiliates may continue to Sell Licensed Products to such customer through the term of the Wind Down Period and for the remainder of the term of such Continuing Obligation, provided that in no event may DIALOG or its Affiliates Sell Licensed Products to such customer pursuant to this Section 15.4(b) for a period longer than [***] after the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

Upon the termination of DIALOG's right to manufacture the Licensed Products following any expiration or termination of the Agreement or any Wind Down Period or Continuing Obligation period, as applicable, then all right, title and interest in the Tooling will automatically transfer to ENERGOUS subject to any Third Party IP, and DIALOG will, at ENERGOUS' option, either sell any Tooling in its possession to ENERGOUS at cost or destroy the Tooling and certify in writing as to same.

Notwithstanding any statement in Section 15.3 to the contrary, upon any termination or expiration of this Agreement and until the later to occur of (i) [***] from the Effective Date or (ii) [***] following the effective date of termination or expiration of this Agreement (the "Wind Down Period"), the parties' respective rights and obligations under Sections 2 (License), 3 (Sourcing), 7 (Product Sales), 9 (Royalties and Service Fees), 11 (Representations and Warranties; Disclaimers), 12 (Indemnification), 13 (Limitation of Liability), 14 (Compliance with Laws), 15.2 (Termination), 16 (Escrow) and all Exhibits hereto which are associated with any of the foregoing listed sections will remain in full force and effect as to (A) any Products or repackaged Product Die with respect to which DIALOG or any of its Affiliates has secured a design win at a customer prior to or within one (1) month after the start of the Wind Down Period, or (B) the sale of any MCMs which have been released for production at a foundry, provided, however, that DIALOG's license rights under Section 2.1 (including any sublicenses granted by DIALOG pursuant to Section 2.4) will be non-exclusive during the Wind Down Period.

Such audit may also not interfere with DIALOG's or its Affliates' quarterly closing of its books.

During the Record Retention Period, ENERGOUS may appoint a mutually agreed independent, internationally recognized third-party certified auditor who will have the right to inspect and copy the Records upon reasonable prior notice, and DIALOG will (and will cause its Affiliates to) allow necessary access including, as applicable, to its premises where such Records are located. ENERGOUS may exercise such right to this independent-third party audit no more than one time per calendar year and each such audit will be conducted during normal business hours.

EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF (a) ANY BREACH OF SECTION 10 (CONFIDENTIALITY), (b) THE PARTIES' OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 12 (INDEMNIFICATION), (c) A PARTY'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR (d) LIABILITY ARISING FROM EPIDEMIC DEFECTS (WHICH WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE LIMITATION SET FORTH IN SECTION 11.2(d)), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ANY CLAIM OR ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE), FOR ANY (i) INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF BUSINESS, REVENUES, PROFITS OR GOODWILL, OR (ii) AGGREGATE DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF [***].

IN ADDITION, ENERGOUS' LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 12.1(b) SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED [***].

EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF (a) ANY BREACH OF SECTION 10 (CONFIDENTIALITY), (b) THE PARTIES' OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 12 (INDEMNIFICATION), (c) A PARTY'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR (d) LIABILITY ARISING FROM EPIDEMIC DEFECTS (WHICH WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE LIMITATION SET FORTH IN SECTION 11.2(d)), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ANY CLAIM OR ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE), FOR ANY (i) INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF BUSINESS, REVENUES, PROFITS OR GOODWILL, OR (ii) AGGREGATE DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF [***].

In the event any warranty claim is due to or arises from an Epidemic Defect, ENERGOUS will be responsible for all costs and expenses directly incurred by DIALOG or its Affiliates or their respective customers as a result of reasonable inspection, servicing, repairs, replacements, recall notices, recalls and responses with respect thereto, provided that ENERGOUS' aggregate liability to DIALOG and its Affiliates and their respective customers under this paragraph (d) will not exceed [***] per occurrence of an Epidemic Defect.

The above warranties are valid for a period of [***] from the date of shipment of any Licensed Product to any customer.

Each party will, at the other party's request, provide to the other party a certificate of insurance evidencing the foregoing insurance coverage.

Each party will maintain, during the Term and for three (3) years thereafter, such comprehensive general liability insurance (including without limitation, products liability) as will adequately protect it against its potential liabilities under this Agreement, in amounts customary in the semiconductor industry for similar services and products.

COMMERCIALIZATION AND LICENSE AGREEMENT

CytoDyn

Vyera

Vyera Pharmaceuticals, LLC

CytoDyn and Vyera are sometimes referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

CytoDyn Inc.

December 17, 2019

December 17, 2019

The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.

This Agreement and all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement or any breach hereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

(c) Vyera breaches its obligations or covenants under Section 2.6 (Competitive Products);

CytoDyn shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety upon written notice to Vyera on the occurrence of any of the following:

Except as expressly required under this Agreement, Vyera hereby covenants not to Develop, Manufacture, Commercialize or otherwise exploit a Competitive Product in the Territory during the Royalty Term, including by means of an Affiliate.

CytoDyn hereby grants to Vyera, and Vyera hereby accepts, an exclusive royalty-bearing license (or sublicense, as the case may be), under the CytoDyn Patents, the CytoDyn Know-How and the Inventions (if any) solely to Commercialize, use, have used, offer for sale and sell Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

In the event that such assignment would be unlawful, Vyera shall, and hereby does, grant to CytoDyn an exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicensable (including through multiple tiers), transferrable (without consent) royalty free license to any and all right, title and/or interest that it may have in or to an Invention.

Vyera shall purchase all of its requirements for supply of Licensed Product exclusively from CytoDyn in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Supply Agreement.

Without limiting the foregoing, Vyera shall have the exclusive right and responsibility throughout the Territory for the following: (a) receiving and accepting orders for the Licensed Product from customers; (b) distributing the Licensed Product to customers; (c) controlling invoicing and collection of accounts receivable for Licensed Product sales; (d) recording Licensed Product sales in its books of account for sales (in accordance with Vyera's accounting standards consistently applied (currently GAAP)); (e) subject to Section 5.5, determining pricing for the Licensed Product and all aspects of the promotion (including promotional materials) to be used in Commercializing Licensed Products; (f) negotiating with Third Parties, including without limitation, payors, pharmacy benefit managers and distributors, with respect to sales and distribution of Licensed Product; and (g) paying all rebates, chargebacks and other amounts due to customers in respect of Licensed Products (it being understood that all such amounts shall be deducted in calculating Net Sales).

Vyera shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety:

(c) at any time following the second (2nd) anniversary of the First Commercial Sale of the Licensed Product, for any reason or no reason, upon one hundred eighty (180) days' written notice to CytoDyn.

A Change of Control shall be deemed an assignment for purposes of this Agreement.

For clarity, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit Vyera from undergoing any Change of Control, but if Vyera undergoes a Change of Control, it will be subject to Section 2.6.

In the event that Vyera experiences a Change of Control with a Third Party that is actively engaged in the Development, Manufacture or Commercialization of a Competitive Product, then, Vyera shall either: (a) within ninety (90) days after the closing of such Change of Control, enter into a binding written agreement to sell, transfer, assign or divest all of Vyera's and/or its Affiliate's rights in and to such Competitive Product to a non-Affiliate Third Party and consummate such sale, transfer, assignment or divestiture of said rights not later than ninety (90) days following the date of the binding Agreement; or (b) within six (6) months after the closing of such Change of Control, terminate any and all Development, Manufacturing, Commercialization and/or other exploitation of such Competitive Product; or (c) terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 11.2(c).

Vyera may not assign this Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of CytoDyn, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed provided that Vyera may assign this Agreement without CytoDyn's consent to an Affiliate or to a successor to substantially all of the business of Vyera to which this Agreement relates.

CytoDyn may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder, in whole but not in part, to any Third Party not in a materially worse (financially and otherwise) of performing CytoDyn's obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Vyera (it being understood that any other assignment of this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder shall require the prior written consent of Vyera, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

Any assignment or attempted assignment by Vyera in violation of the terms of this Section 14.6 shall be null, void and of no legal effect.

Vyera shall pay to CytoDyn royalties equal to fifty percent (50%) of Net Sales of Licensed Products in the Territory during the Royalty Term; provided that, after the Step-Down Date, the royalty percentage will be reduced to [***] of Net Sales of Licensed Products in the Territory throughout the remaining period in the Royalty Term.

(d) Upon [***] written notice, in the event Vyera fails to meet any of the Minimum Requirements and has not cured such failure, to the extent curable, within such notice period;

Vyera shall conduct the Commercialization activities in accordance with the Commercialization Plan and in performing such activities will ensure that it meets or exceeds the Minimum Requirements.

CytoDyn shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety upon written notice to Vyera on the occurrence of any of the following:

CytoDyn will be the sole owner of all trade dress, logos, slogans, designs and copyrights specifically created by or on behalf of Vyera or used by Vyera on or in connection with the Licensed Products in the Territory.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, Vyera shall, and hereby does, assign all of its right title and interest in and to any and all Inventions to CytoDyn

If Vyera acquires any rights in the Trademarks, by operation of Applicable Law, or otherwise, such rights shall be deemed and are hereby irrevocably assigned to CytoDyn without further action by either Party.

Vyera will, upon reasonable request of CytoDyn, and at CytoDyn's expense, execute or cause to be executed, any assignments, filings, applications or other documents that CytoDyn may require to evidence its rights in the Inventions.

Vyera shall have the exclusive right to implement, and subject to Section 5.5, final decision-making authority with respect to, Commercialization of all Licensed Products in the Field and the Territory.

CytoDyn hereby grants to Vyera, and Vyera hereby accepts, an exclusive royalty-bearing license (or sublicense, as the case may be), under the CytoDyn Patents, the CytoDyn Know-How and the Inventions (if any) solely to Commercialize, use, have used, offer for sale and sell Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

In the event that such assignment would be unlawful, Vyera shall, and hereby does, grant to CytoDyn an exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicensable (including through multiple tiers), transferrable (without consent) royalty free license to any and all right, title and/or interest that it may have in or to an Invention.

Vyera shall not Commercialize nor shall it authorize the Commercialization of any Licensed Product outside of the Field or outside of the Territory.

The licenses granted to Vyera under this Agreement shall not be transferrable and/or sublicensable without CytoDyn's written consent, which it may grant, condition or withhold in its sole discretion.

Following the expiration of the Royalty Term with respect to the Licensed Product, the licenses granted under Section 2.1 with respect to such Licensed Product in the Field and the Territory shall be non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid and royalty-free.

In the event that such assignment would be unlawful, Vyera shall, and hereby does, grant to CytoDyn an exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicensable (including through multiple tiers), transferrable (without consent) royalty free license to any and all right, title and/or interest that it may have in or to an Invention.

Upon the expiration of the Royalty Term, the license granted to Vyera under Section 2.1 of this Agreement shall become non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty free, perpetual and irrevocable.

In the event of a termination by Vyera under Section 11.2, the following terms shall apply: (i) at CytoDyn's request, the Parties will negotiate in good faith a transition services agreement (the "Transition Services Agreement"), under which Vyera will provide certain Commercialization services to CytoDyn in connection with CytoDyn efforts to Commercialize the Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory; (ii) the services to be provided by Vyera pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement (the "Transition Services") will be negotiated in good faith taking into account (A) the activities undertaken by Vyera in connection with the Commercialization of Licensed Product during the Term and (B) Vyera's then-existing resources and capabilities (it being understood and agreed that Vyera shall not (x) be required to hire any new employees or enter into any new agreements with Third Parties in order to provide the Transition Services or (y) terminate any employee or agreement the primary purpose of which is to circumvent its obligations to provide the Transition Services); (iii) the Transition Services Agreement will require Vyera to provide Transition Services for a period of up to six (6) months from the effective date of termination; provided that CytoDyn will have the ability to terminate Transition Services on a service-by-service basis as they are transitioned; and (iv) Transition Services will be reimbursed at Vyera's actual cost plus ten percent (10%) by CytoDyn. (v) At CytoDyn's reasonable request and subject to the terms of the applicable agreement, Vyera will use its reasonable best efforts to assign to CytoDyn any Third Party agreements that relate to the Transition Services matters solely for Licensed Product in the Territory in the Field.

Upon reasonable prior notice, but not more than once per Calendar Year, such records of Vyera and its Affiliates shall be available during Vyera's and its Affiliates regular business hours for a period of three (3) years from the end of the Calendar Year to which they pertain for examination at the expense of CytoDyn by an independent certified public accountant selected by CytoDyn and reasonably acceptable to Vyera, for the sole purpose of verifying the accuracy of the financial reports and correctness of the payments furnished by Vyera pursuant to this Agreement.

To the extent permitted under Applicable Law and, if applicable, its relevant Third Party agreements, (a) CytoDyn shall provide Vyera with reasonable advance notice of any scheduled regulatory inspection of CytoDyn or Third Party Manufacturing facilities used for supply of the Licensed Product as contemplated by Article 6, and (b) Vyera shall be allowed to participate in any pre-approval readiness activities and audits for CytoDyn or its Third Party Manufacturing facilities.

EXCEPT FOR A PARTY'S OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 13, AND ANY BREACH OF ARTICLE 10 (CONFIDENTIALITY), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY (OR THE OTHER PARTY'S AFFILIATES OR SUBLICENSEES) IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT FOR LOST REVENUE, LOST PROFITS, LOST ROYALTIES, LOST SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, DAMAGE TO GOODWILL, OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR INDIRECT DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR STRICT LIABILITY, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN PLACED ON NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT FOR A PARTY'S OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 13, AND ANY BREACH OF ARTICLE 10 (CONFIDENTIALITY), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY (OR THE OTHER PARTY'S AFFILIATES OR SUBLICENSEES) IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT FOR LOST REVENUE, LOST PROFITS, LOST ROYALTIES, LOST SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, DAMAGE TO GOODWILL, OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR INDIRECT DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR STRICT LIABILITY, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN PLACED ON NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

FOR CLARITY AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE PROVISIONS OF THE FIRST SENTENCE OF THIS SECTION 13.5, ROYALTIES AND MILESTONES PAYABLE TO CYTODYN IN CONNECTION WITH VYERA'S COMMERCIALIZATION OF LICENSED PRODUCTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT COULD CONSTITUTE DIRECT DAMAGES TO THE EXTENT AWARDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 12.

Each Party shall provide a certificate of insurance (or evidence of self-insurance) evidencing such coverage to the other Party upon reques

Each Party shall provide the other Party with prompt written notice of any cancellation, non-renewal or material change in such insurance that could materially adversely affect the rights of the other Party hereunder, and shall provide such notice within thirty (30) days after any such cancellation, non-renewal or material change.

Each Party, at its own expense, shall maintain comprehensive general liability, product liability and other appropriate insurance for the activities such Party undertakes pursuant to this Agreement, from reputable and financially secure insurance carriers in a form and at levels consistent with sound business practice and adequate in light of its obligations under this Agreement.

CytoDyn shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety upon written notice to Vyera on the occurrence of any of the following: (a) Vyera or any of its Affiliates directly or indirectly, challenges, disputes, or assists any Third Party to dispute or challenge, in a legal or administrative proceeding the patentability, enforceability or validity of any CytoDyn Patents;

Neither Vyera, nor any of its Affiliates shall directly or indirectly, challenge, or assist any Third Party to dispute or challenge, in a legal or administrative proceeding the patentability, enforceability or validity of any CytoDyn Patents.

MANUFACTURING OUTSOURCING AGREEMENT

NICE

Nice Systems Ltd.

CONTRACTOR

Flextronics Israel Ltd.

January 21st, 2002

January 21st, 2002

The initial term of this Agreement shall           commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years           thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an           indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the           parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.

The initial term of this Agreement shall           commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years           thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an           indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the           parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.

Notwithstanding the aforesaid in Section 16.1. and any possible           implication to the contrary herein or as a result of the course of           conduct of the parties, Contractor shall be entitled, at its sole           discretion, to terminate this Agreement only during the Extended Term,           with or without cause, upon a prior written notice of termination to           NICE of not less than six (6) months.

This Agreement shall be governed by and           construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Israel, without           giving effect to choice of law rules.

Notwithstanding the aforesaid in Section 16.1. and any possible           implication to the contrary herein or as a result of the course of           conduct of the parties, NICEshall be entitled, at its sole discretion,           to terminate this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time during           the Initial Term or the Extended Term, with or without cause, upon a           prior written notice of termination to Contractor of not less than           forty-five (45) Days.

Notwithstanding the aforesaid in Section 16.1. and any possible           implication to the contrary herein or as a result of the course of           conduct of the parties, Contractor shall be entitled, at its sole           discretion, to terminate this Agreement only during the Extended Term,           with or without cause, upon a prior written notice of termination to           NICE of not less than six (6) months.

Neither party shall in any way sell, transfer, assign,           sub-contract or otherwise dispose of any of the rights, privileges,           duties and obligations granted or imposed upon it under this           Agreement. However, NICE may, at its discretion, transfer and/or           assign any of its rights, privileges, duties and obligations granted           or imposed upon it under this Agreement to any NICE Affiliate,           provided that NICE remains responsible towards Contractor, jointly and           severally with the Affiliate, for all of its obligations hereunder so           assigned, and provided further that the assignee signs this Agreement.

Furthermore, without derogating from NICE'                undertakings hereunder, Contractor will use its international                supply chain in order to assist NICE in selling its dead                inventory, which is not included in APPENDIX F, and the proceeds                from such sales will be shared as follows: 10% Contractor, 90%                NICE. Contractor will report to NICE regularly, on such sales.

Notwithstanding the aforesaid, it is agreed that any           manufacturing methods applied by Contractor, which are Contractor's           Proprietary Information, may be used by NICE itself (including its           Affiliates) (but may not be transferred/disclosed to any third party)           and by signing this Agreement Contractor hereby grants NICE a           personal, non exclusive, non transferable, perpetual license to use           such manufacturing methods.

NICE agrees to           conduct the audits in a reasonable manner so as not to cause undue           disruption to Contractor's provision of the Manufacturing Outsourcing           Services and such audits shall be conducted during business hours, and           shall be coordinated with Contractor.

NICE shall have the rights to conduct audits of the           Manufacturing Outsourcing Services and related facilities, systems,           and records as set forth in this Section 10 for the purpose of           auditing Contractor's compliance with the provisions of this           Agreement, all subject to the limitations below.

As part of the Manufacturing           Outsourcing Services, Contractor shall (1) retain records and           supporting documentation detailed in Section 10.2 above if and to the           extent such record retention is required by tax or similar           authorities, and/or exists in the ERP system, and/or is common           practice in the industry, including but not limited to - production           files for the following periods: 7 years for records required by tax           or similar authorities and ERP data, 3 years for production files,           otherwise as required by law or as is the common practice, and (2)           upon notice of no less than five (5) Days from NICE, provide NICE and           its designees with reasonable access to such records and documentation           for the purpose of conducting NICE' business and reporting.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or           otherwise, Contractor's liability to NICE for any indirect, special,           incidental, exemplary or consequential damages as a result of any           claim arising under this Agreement or in connection therewith,           regardless of whether Contractor has been advised of the possibility           of such damages, shall not exceed five million US dollars ($5,000,000)           in the aggregate for all claims, except for infringement of           Intellectual Property rights for which Contractor is liable under           Section 12.6.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, NICE'           liability to Contractor for any indirect, special, incidental,           exemplary or consequential damages as a result of any claim arising           under this Agreement or in connection therewith, regardless of whether           NICE has been advised of the possibility of such damages, shall not           exceed five million US dollars ($5,000,000) in the aggregate for all           claims, except for infringement of Intellectual Property rights for           which NICE is liable under Section 12.8.

In any event, the total liquidated damages                     as per this Section shall not exceed 5% of the Product                     Price.

For the removal of doubt, when determining the liquidated                     damages due, the applicable sub-section 5.3.1, 5.3.2 OR                     5.3.3 will apply.

In the event that following the delay, Contractor is in                     compliance with the Due Dates for two immediately                     consecutive Quarters and there is no delay whatsoever,                     Contractor will be reimbursed by NICE for liquidated damages                     already paid for delay in the previous Quarter (before the                     said 2 Quarters), if paid, without derogating from the                     previous delay being regarded as a breach hereunder.

In any event, the total liquidated damages                     as per this Section shall not exceed 5% of the Product                     Price.

Any delay from the Due Date of a certain                Product in a certain Quarter, not due to a specific written                request by NICE or otherwise deriving from a breach of NICE'                undertakings hereunder and only to the extent deriving from such                breach by NICE, or caused by an event of Force Majeure, and                subject to the terms hereof, shall be considered a material                breach of Contractor's obligations under this Agreement and shall                entitle NICE to the following liquidated damages in addition to                any remedy available to NICE under this Agreement or by law:

               5.3.1. One percent (1%) of the Product Price for a delay of 3 to                     5 Days.

               5.3.2. Three percent (3%) of the Product Price for a delay of up                     to 10 Days.

               5.3.3. Five percent (5%) of the Product Price for a delay of 11                     Days or more.

Contractor warrants to NICE that each of the                Products manufactured, configured or tested by Contractor will                have been manufactured, configured and tested in conformance with                the Specifications therefor as provided by NICE and be free from                defects in workmanship or material for the Warranty Period.

"WARRANTY PERIOD" - Thirteen (13) months from the Shipment Date of           the Product subject matter of the warranty, unless agreed otherwise by           the parties in writing.

Without limiting any of the obligations or liabilities of Contractor,           whether under this Agreement or by law, subject to any limitations           hereunder, Contractor shall maintain, and shall cause any           subcontractors engaged by Contractor to provide services under this           Agreement to maintain, at Contractor's own expense, as long as this           Agreement is in effect, insurance policies of the kind and limits as           set forth in APPENDIX D to this Agreement. The expense of such           insurance shall be borne by Contractor. The Contractor shall keep in           force the policies specified in sections 1 and 3 to the Insurance           Certificate valid as long as Contractor's legal liability EXISTS IN           CONNECTION WITH OPERATIONS ACCORDING TO THE AGREEMENT.

CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

Impresse Corporation

Impresse

VerticalNet

VerticalNet, Inc.

March 3, 2000

March 3, 2000

The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.

Beginning on the Launch Date and continuing during the Term, VerticalNet shall not place advertising relating to the commercial printing entities listed on Exhibit "A," or other such entities subsequently identified by Impresse, on the VerticalNet Area of the Co-Branded Site.

Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither party shall transfer, assign or cede any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent may be withheld at the other party's reasonable business discretion; provided, however, that either party may transfer this Agreement without prior written consent of the other to an Affiliate of such party, or to the surviving party in a merger or consolidation, or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of its assets.

Impresse shall pay VerticalNet [*]of Impresse VerticalNet Revenue accruing during the term of this Agreement, payable to VerticalNet on or before the thirtieth day of the calendar quarter immediately following the quarter in which such revenue was collected by Impresse.

If government regulations prevent Impresse from sharing any revenues associated with Impresse Services, VerticalNet and Impresse shall negotiate in good faith a compensation structure that seeks to provide VerticalNet with compensation equal to that set forth in Section 4.6  [REVENUE SHARING].

During the Term of this Agreement, Impresse agrees to purchase from VerticalNet Banners and Newsletters for a total price of at least $[*] as set forth below in this Section 4.3  [BANNER/NEWSLETTER PURCHASE COMMITMENT].

Impresse agrees to purchase at least $[*] of such Banners and Newsletters in each calendar quarter after the Effective Date until a total of $[*] have been purchased, provided, the total dollar amount purchased by Impresse in any calendar quarter shall not consist of greater than 70% of either Banners or Newsletters.

Upon termination of the Agreement, VerticalNet and Impresse shall jointly own all User Data.

Impresse shall permit Users who access the Co-Branded Site to access and use Co-Branded Content from the Co-Branded Site for the personal use of such Users in accordance with the then-current terms of Impresse's standard license agreement governing the use of such Co-Branded Content.

Impresse hereby grants to VerticalNet a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to the Impresse Area of the Co-Branded Site.

Impresse hereby grants to VerticalNet a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to the Impresse Area of the Co-Branded Site.

During the term of this Agreement and for one year thereafter, VerticalNet shall have the right to appoint a certified public accountant to audit Impresse's financial records relating to such payment to verify the accuracy of Impresse's financial records in order to verify the amount of the payments owed and/or paid hereunder, but no more frequently than once per year.

During the term of this Agreement and for one year thereafter, VerticalNet shall have the right to appoint a certified public accountant to audit Impresse's financial records relating to such payment to verify the accuracy of Impresse's financial records in order to verify the amount of the payments owed and/or paid hereunder, but no more frequently than once per year.

VerticalNet shall give reasonable advance notice to Impresse of such audit and each audit shall be conducted in a manner that does not cause unreasonable disruption to the conduct of business by Impresse.

hereof, neither party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising out of or related to this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or misrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues or becomes known, whichever is later.

Except for claims under Sections 9.4  [INDEMNIFICATION BY IMPRESSE] and 9.5  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET]

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF ARTICLE 7 OR SECTION 8.1.5  [REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES] (v) AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF IMPRESSE UNDER SECTION 9.4(i)(d)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY IMPRESSE] AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF VERTICALNET UNDER SECTION 9.5(i)(d)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET], NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

hereof, neither party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising out of or related to this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or misrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues or becomes known, whichever is later.

Except for claims under Sections 9.4  [INDEMNIFICATION BY IMPRESSE] and 9.5  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET]

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF ARTICLE 7 OR SECTION 8.1.5  [REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES] (v) AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF IMPRESSE UNDER SECTION 9.4(i)(d)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY IMPRESSE] AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF VERTICALNET UNDER SECTION 9.5(i)(d)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET], NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

In addition, VerticalNet shall not now or in the future contest the validity of Impresse's ownership of its Intellectual Property; provided, however, that VerticalNet may contest the validity of Impresse's Intellectual Property in any proceeding brought against VerticalNet alleging infringement or misappropriation of Impresse's Intellectual Property.

In addition, Impresse shall not now or in the future contest the validity of VerticalNet's ownership of its Intellectual Property; provided, however, that Impresse may contest the validity of VerticalNet's Intellectual Property in any proceeding brought against Impresse alleging infringement or misappropriation of VerticalNet's Intellectual Property.

hereof, neither party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising out of or related to this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or misrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues or becomes known, whichever is later.

Except for claims under Sections 9.4  [INDEMNIFICATION BY IMPRESSE] and 9.5  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET]

JOINT CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

ZYNGA INC.

WPT Enterprises, Inc.

Zynga US

("Zynga Ireland," and together with Zynga US and their respective Affiliates, "Zynga").

WPT

ZYNGA GAME IRELAND LIMITED

February 1, 2018

February 1, 2018

This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.

This Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional two (2) years on the same terms herein ("Renewal Term") provided WPT receives payments greater than twelve million U.S. dollars ($12,000,000) within the Initial Term.

This Agreement will for all purposes be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that require the application of the laws of a different state.

WPT or its affiliates shall not authorize a Zynga Competitor to commercially exploit the Licensed Property in connection with social poker gaming via a license similar to the license granted herein for the Term.

Without the prior written consent of the other party, neither party shall assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to any third party, and any purported assignment without such prior written consent shall be null and void and of no force and effect; except that notice, but no consent shall be required for such assignment or transfer in connection with an internal reorganization or sale of the transferring party, including by merger or other business combination, or a sale of substantially all of the assets of the transferring party.

Zynga will pay to WPT ten percent (10%) of the cumulative Net Revenue (as defined in Section 3.b. of the Additional Provisions) ("Royalty") from the WPT-branded Zynga Poker Tournament Mode or other such use of the WPT brand on the Zynga platform.

The Royalties to be paid by Zynga to WPT is the percentage of Net Revenue as set forth in Section 5 of the Basic Provisions.

Zynga will pay WPT three million U.S. dollars ($3,000,000) per year according to the following schedule (which the parties may alter upon mutual agreement) (the "Annual Minimum Guarantee"): a. Within thirty (30) days of executing this Agreement: $1.5M b. July 1, 2018: $1.5M c. January 1, 2019: $1.5M d. July 1, 2019: $1.5M e. January 1, 2020: $1.5M f. July 1, 2020: $1.5M

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Zynga grants to WPT a non-exclusive, non- assignable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, paid up, limited worldwide license to use and display Zynga's Licensed Property solely as necessary to perform WPT's obligations under this Agreement and as specifically described on Exhibit A, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, for the Term (subject to Section 7.e. of Additional Provisions).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, for each end user that previously downloaded a Zynga game that includes WPT's Licensed Property, and stored such Zynga game within such end user's device, WPT grants a license and right to continue to use, activate, operate, perform, store, use and display that game on the end user's device in perpetuity at no additional charge; provided, however, that Zynga shall use best efforts to offer end users updates to its games which no longer include WPT's Licensed Property after the Term.

Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, any Approved Content that includes Zynga's Licensed Property may remain in perpetuity in any media in which such Licensed Property was integrated into during the Term (e.g., televised WPT Tournaments or WPT Invitational Tournaments, social media posts, repurposed integrations for "best of" television programs) or for historical purposes (e.g., reference on WPT's website that Zynga-sponsored tour events took place as part of the tour).

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, WPT grants to Zynga a non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, paid up, limited license in the Territory to use and display WPT's Licensed Property solely as necessary to perform Zynga's obligations under this Agreement and as specifically described on Exhibit A, for the Term.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Zynga grants to WPT a non-exclusive, non- assignable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, paid up, limited worldwide license to use and display Zynga's Licensed Property solely as necessary to perform WPT's obligations under this Agreement and as specifically described on Exhibit A, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, for the Term (subject to Section 7.e. of Additional Provisions).

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, WPT grants to Zynga a non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, paid up, limited license in the Territory to use and display WPT's Licensed Property solely as necessary to perform Zynga's obligations under this Agreement and as specifically described on Exhibit A, for the Term.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, for each end user that previously downloaded a Zynga game that includes WPT's Licensed Property, and stored such Zynga game within such end user's device, WPT grants a license and right to continue to use, activate, operate, perform, store, use and display that game on the end user's device in perpetuity at no additional charge; provided, however, that Zynga shall use best efforts to offer end users updates to its games which no longer include WPT's Licensed Property after the Term.

Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, any Approved Content that includes Zynga's Licensed Property may remain in perpetuity in any media in which such Licensed Property was integrated into during the Term (e.g., televised WPT Tournaments or WPT Invitational Tournaments, social media posts, repurposed integrations for "best of" television programs) or for historical purposes (e.g., reference on WPT's website that Zynga-sponsored tour events took place as part of the tour).

Zynga shall permit such records to be examined by authorized representatives of WPT, including such independent auditors as WPT may designate, during usual business hours, with advance notice, to verify to the extent necessary the Royalties paid hereunder, and WPT and its representatives shall use reasonable efforts to minimize disruptions to Zynga's business.

EXCEPT IN CASES OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR FRAUD, INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS UNDER SECTION 5 OR BREACHES OF SECTION 2 (TRADEMARKS), 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY), OR 9 (NO AGENCY RELATIONSHIP), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUE, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STATUTE, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

EXCEPT IN CASES OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR FRAUD, INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS UNDER SECTION 5 OR BREACHES OF SECTION 2 (TRADEMARKS), 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY), OR 9 (NO AGENCY RELATIONSHIP), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUE, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STATUTE, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

Each party agrees to carry liability insurance sufficient to cover the risks posed under this Agreement.

Licensee will not, at any time during or after this Agreement, register, attempt to register, claim any interest in, contest the use of, or otherwise adversely affect the validity of any of Licensor's marks (including, without limitation, any act or assistance to any act, which may infringe or lead to the infringement of any such marks).

CHASE AFFILIATE AGREEMENT

you as an "Affiliate"

Chase Bank USA, N.A. (?Chase?)

April 6, 2007

The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.

The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.

This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware, including its conflict with law provisions.

Chase may revoke Affiliate's license at any time.

Either Affiliate or Chase may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, by giving the other party written or e-mail notice of termination.

Chase grants Affiliate a non-exclusive, nontransferable, revocable right to (a) access the Chase site through the links solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (b) solely in connection with such links, to use Chase's logos, trade names, trademarks, and similar identifying material relating to Chase (collectively, the "Licensed Materials"), for the sole purpose of booking Chase products.

Chase grants Affiliate a non-exclusive, nontransferable, revocable right to (a) access the Chase site through the links solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (b) solely in connection with such links, to use Chase's logos, trade names, trademarks, and similar identifying material relating to Chase (collectively, the "Licensed Materials"), for the sole purpose of booking Chase products.

Chase shall have no liability for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or any loss of revenue or profits arising under or with respect to this Agreement or the Affiliate Program, regardless of whether Chase has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

Further, Chase's aggregate liability arising under or with respect to this Agreement or the Affiliate Program shall in no event exceed the total Commissions paid or payable by Chase to Affiliate under this   Agreement.

WEB HOSTING AGREEMENT

Galacticomm

Horst Entertainment Inc

9/9/97

In the event Galacticomm, Inc. chooses to terminate this agreement, Horst Entertainment Inc. will have the right to purchase a license copy of the software in the amount of $15,000.00.

MANUFACTURING, DESIGN AND MARKETING AGREEMENT (t

Zounds Hearing, Inc.

Subcontractor and Manufacturer may also be referred to herein individually as "Party" or collectively as the "Parties".

InnerScope Hearing Technologies, Inc.

"Manufacturer")

Subcontractor

October 3, 2018

October 3, 2018

Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.

This Agreement will renew automatically thereafter for successive one-year terms unless and until one Party gives notification of termination with at least sixty (60) days written notice.

This Agreement will renew automatically thereafter for successive one-year terms unless and until one Party gives notification of termination with at least sixty (60) days written notice.

The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to conflicts of law provisions thereof or any other applicable law and that exclusive venue shall be in the federal or state courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona.

During the term hereof and for a period of five (5) years thereafter, each Party agrees not to, either directly or indirectly, for itself or on behalf of any other person, firm, partnership, corporation or other entity hire, solicit, contract for, attempt to solicit, or cause to be solicited, the employment or services of any current or previous employee of the other Party (unless a period of sixty months has elapsed from the last date that such employee was employed by such party) without the prior written consent of such other Party.

During the term hereof and for a period of five (5) years thereafter, each Party agrees not to, either directly or indirectly, for itself or on behalf of any other person, firm, partnership, corporation or other entity hire, solicit, contract for, attempt to solicit, or cause to be solicited, the employment or services of any current or previous employee of the other Party (unless a period of sixty months has elapsed from the last date that such employee was employed by such party) without the prior written consent of such other Party.

A Change of Control shall occur with respect to the Manufacturer, unless Subcontractor shall have expressly consented to such Change of Control in writing.

In the event of a Change of Control (as defined below) this Agreement shall immediately terminate.

Any assignment made by either Party in contravention of this Section 15.7 shall be null and void for all purposes.

In the event of a Change of Control (as defined below) this Agreement shall immediately terminate.

Neither Party may assign or transfer this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise.

For Manufacturer's Products that are rechargeable, Manufacturer shall pay Subcontractor a Royalty equal to the higher of (i) one hundred percent (100.0%) of the Product Cost; and (ii) $100 per unit.

In addition to paying the Product Costs of Manufacturer's Products, Manufacturer shall also pay to Subcontractor the following royalty payments (each a "Royalty" and collectively the "Royalties") for each of Manufacturer's Product purchased under this Agreement. Royalties shall be paid 50% at time of shipping and the remaining balance of 50% due in 15-days after the Manufacturer's Products have shipped from the manufacturing facility.

For Manufacturer's Products that are non-rechargeable, Manufacturer shall pay Subcontractor a Royalty equal to the higher of (i) eighty percent (80.0%) of the Product Cost; and (ii) $80 per unit.

If the Manufacturer terminates this Agreement or cancels any purchase order for cause pursuant to Section 8.2 Manufacturer shall not be liable for any termination or cancellation charges but Subcontractor may, at Subcontractor's sole discretion, purchase all or part of any remaining inventory.

Upon reasonable notice, Manufacturer may review at any time routine reports relating to all nonconforming materials identified by Subcontractor during the manufacture or inspection of the Manufacturer's Products.

Reports on all material Subcontractors for the Manufacturer's Products will be made available to Manufacturer upon request.

The schedule will be provided in accordance with the requirements established in Subcontractor's Auditing procedure.

Subcontractor agrees to provide Manufacturer, at Manufacturer's expense and reasonable request and during ordinary business hours, access to, and copies of, such records, books and all other documents and materials in the possession and under the control of Subcontractor relating to or pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement; including, but not limited to, the following:

a) Subcontractor will provide Manufacturer a schedule of all audits of Subcontractors for materials used in the manufacture of Manufacturer's Products upon request.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY "COVER" DAMAGES (INCLUDING INTERNAL COVER DAMAGES WHICH THE PARTIES AGREE MAY NOT BE CONSIDERED DIRECT DAMAGES), OR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SALE OF MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCTS, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS ASSERTED ON THE BASIS OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING THE POSSIBILITY OF NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF ANY OF THE LIMITED REMEDIES IN THIS AGREEMENT





FAIL OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

THIS SECTION 7 SETS FORTH SUBCONTRACTOR'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY, AND MANUFACTURER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AS TO ANY FAILURE OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCTS TO MEET THE WARRANTY STANDARDS.

Each Party agrees that in the event it violates the provisions of this Section 15.9, it will pay to the other Party as liquidated damages, and not as a penalty, an amount equal to one hundred times (100 X) of any such employee's then-current base annual salary.

Upon Manufacturer's request, Subcontractor will facilitate such Manufacturer's Products being repaired or replaced, Manufacturer must return the Manufacturer's Products to Subcontractor, transportation charges prepaid by Manufacturer, within fifteen (15) days of the end of such thirty (30) date notice period.

SERVICING AGREEMENT

CURO MANAGEMENT, LLC

CURO RECEIVABLES FINANCE II, LLC

Owner

Servicer

April 8, 2020,

This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

In the event that the Servicer resigns or is terminated hereunder, the Servicer shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to and shall cooperate with the Owner and take other reasonable steps requested by the Owner to assist in the orderly and efficient transfer of the administration of the Serviced Assets to the successor Servicer.

The Servicer shall maintain appropriate books of account and records relating to services performed hereunder, which books of account and records shall be accessible for inspection by the Owner at any time during normal business hours.

Notwithstanding any prior termination of the Owner or this Agreement, the Servicer shall not at any time with respect to the Owner, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Owner to invoke the process of any court or governmental authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Owner under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, conservator, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Owner or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Owner.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, both the Owner and Servicer agree that the Agent shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement and has the authority to enforce the provisions hereof.

Affiliate Program / Premium Affiliate Management General Terms and Conditions

Web site owners (hereafter, "Affiliates")

Software Publishers

who wish to make use of the additional service provided by element 5 (hereafter, "Affiliate Management"

element 5 GmbH, Vogelsanger Strasse 78, 50823 Cologne, Germany and its subsidiaries (together hereafter, "element 5")

The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.

The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.

This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.

Even in case of agreements with foreign (non-German) Software Publishers and Affiliates, the law of the Federal Republic of Germany applies.

Either party may cancel this Agreement at any time, with or without supplying a reason, through written notification or by making suitable settings in the respective Control Panel.

The Software Publisher and element 5 are authorized to revoke the license granted to the Affiliate at any time by written notice.

Instead of fixed compensation, the Affiliate receives result- dependent Advertising Cost Compensation (also known in the element 5 Control Panel as "Commission") in exchange for publishing the advertisements.

The Advertising Cost Compensation depends on the actual sales generated by end users referred via the electronic advertisement (the Affiliate's link).

For each sale administered by element 5 of the Software under this Agreement, element 5 shall receive an additional service fee of 2% of the gross sales price (including taxes, shipping and handling, etc.) as well as the Advertising Cost Compensation defined in II.  6 (4) and in addition to VAT or sales tax (where applicable).

The percentage of the respective Advertising Cost Compensation shall be stipulated by the Software Publisher, but shall not exceed 50% of the effective gross sales price of the software.

Upon activation of the Affiliate, the Software Publisher grants the Affiliate a non-exclusive, revocable right to use provided advertising material, notices and all further presentations (insofar as available - also known hereafter as "Material") only for the purpose of designating its Web site as a "partner Web site" and presenting the designated advertising Material.

This includes in particular the liability exclusion for lost profit, the loss of data or interruption to or errors in the operation of the Web site of the Affiliate.

DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

Conformis

Howmedica Osteonics Corp.

Conformis, Inc.

Stryker and Conformis are collectively referred to herein as the "Parties" and   individually as a "Party."

also known as Stryker Orthopaedics   ("Stryker")

September 30, 2019

September 30, 2019

The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables   for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as   provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New York State   (without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof).

Except as specifically provided in the Distribution Agreement, Conformis shall be prohibited from   developing or assisting another in developing, or causing another to develop, Patient-Specific Instrumentation for Off-The-Shelf   Knee Implants for any Third Party in the field of orthopedics until January 1, 2032 (or earlier, to the extent set forth in Section   2.3.3.4 or Section 2.3.5 of the Distribution Agreement), with the exception that Conformis (including any entity involved in a   Change of Control of Conformis, any such entity an "Acquirer"), may develop Patient-Specific Instrumentation for any Off-The-   Shelf Implants of Conformis, an Acquirer or any of their Affiliates.

For purposes of clarity, the foregoing does not prevent   Conformis from granting any license, release, covenant not to sue or other immunity to any third party under any Patents, including   any such immunity that would authorize manufacture, use or sale of Patient-Specific Instrumentation for Off-The-Shelf Knee   Implants outside the Buyer Field.

Except as specifically provided in the Distribution Agreement, Conformis shall be prohibited from   developing or assisting another in developing, or causing another to develop, Patient-Specific Instrumentation for Off-The-Shelf   Knee Implants for any Third Party in the field of orthopedics until January 1, 2032 (or earlier, to the extent set forth in Section   2.3.3.4 or Section 2.3.5 of the Distribution Agreement), with the exception that Conformis (including any entity involved in a   Change of Control of Conformis, any such entity an "Acquirer"), may develop Patient-Specific Instrumentation for any Off-The-   Shelf Implants of Conformis, an Acquirer or any of their Affiliates.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the applicable Party decides not to file at all or not to file a continuing or other   application to maintain the viability of the U.S part of a family of patents to which an application belongs, or decides to abandon or   discontinue the prosecution or maintenance of any of the Joint IP Rights, such Party shall notify the other Party thereof, and such   other Party may elect to continue the prosecution (including non-provisional application and PCT entry) or maintenance of such   Joint IP Rights at its sole expense and in the name(s) of both Stryker and Conformis

obligations of the assigning Party in a written instrument, a copy of which is provided to the other Party; and (ii) any assignment of   this Agreement must be accompanied by a simultaneous assignment of the Other Agreements to the same assignee, and the   assigning Party's interest in the Purchased Assets to the same assignee unless otherwise agreed by Conformis in advance, which   agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Except as otherwise provided herein, a Party shall not have the right to   assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (whether through a merger, sale of stock, or otherwise) without the   prior written consent of the other Party; except that, either Party shall be permitted, without any need for the other Party's   consent, to assign this Agreement (a) in whole or in part to an Affiliate (provided, however, that once such Person is no longer an   Affiliate of the assigning Party, such former Affiliate shall assign this Agreement back to the assigning Party), provided that the   assigning Party provides the other Party notice of any such assignment provided further that failure to provide such notice of such   assignment shall not render such assignment void; or (b) to a Third Party in connection with sale or transfer of all or substantially all   of the assigning Party's business or assets relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, whether by Change of Control, merger,   sale of assets or otherwise; provided, however, that, with respect to clause (b), (i) any assignment of this Agreement shall be void   and have no effect unless and until the assignee assumes the

To the extent working with Agents or other Third Parties is permitted under the R&D Work   Plan, should a Party wish to engage an Agent or any other Third Party in connection with the R&D Work Plan or any other work   under this Agreement, such Party must obtain in advance a written agreement by such Agent or other Third Party (i) to assign to   the Party all Inventions conceived, created or generated by the Agent or other Third Party, and (ii) to maintain all Confidential   Information in confidence as set forth in Section 5.2.

Any   assignment not in accordance with this Section 10.2 shall be void.

assigning Party in a written instrument, a copy of which is provided to the other Party; and (ii) any assignment of   this Agreement must be accompanied by a simultaneous assignment of the Other Agreements to the same assignee, and the   assigning Party's interest in the Purchased Assets to the same assignee unless otherwise agreed by Conformis in advance, which   agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Except as otherwise provided herein, a Party shall not have the right to   assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (whether through a merger, sale of stock, or otherwise) without the   prior written consent of the other Party; except that, either Party shall be permitted, without any need for the other Party's   consent, to assign this Agreement (a) in whole or in part to an Affiliate (provided, however, that once such Person is no longer an   Affiliate of the assigning Party, such former Affiliate shall assign this Agreement back to the assigning Party), provided that the   assigning Party provides the other Party notice of any such assignment provided further that failure to provide such notice of such   assignment shall not render such assignment void; or (b) to a Third Party in connection with sale or transfer of all or substantially all   of the assigning Party's business or assets relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, whether by Change of Control, merger,   sale of assets or otherwise; provided, however, that, with respect to clause (b), (i) any assignment of this Agreement shall be void   and have no effect unless and until the assignee assumes the

Each Party to whom ownership is to vest in Joint IP by operation of law or by assignment by its employees or Agents agrees   to assign and hereby assigns to the other Party an undivided one-half right, title and interest in and to all Joint IP; and to facilitate   such assignment, the Party possessing such ownership agrees (i) to regularly ensure that its employees and consultants timely make   any appropriate assignments to it; and (ii) at the other Party's reasonable request, to execute and have its employees and   consultants execute, as necessary, all assignments and any other documentation to perfect the undivided one-half right, title and   interest in and to the other Party of such Joint IP.

Conformis by operation of law or by assignment by its employees or consultants; and to facilitate such assignment to Stryker,   Conformis agrees (i) to regularly ensure that its employees and consultants timely make any appropriate assignments to it of that   which constitutes Improved Stryker Background IP, and (ii) at Stryker's reasonable request, to execute and have its employees   and consultants execute, as necessary, all assignments and any other documentation necessary to perfect title in Stryker of such   Improved Stryker Background IP.

Conformis agrees   to assign and hereby assigns to Stryker all right, title and interest in and to all Improved Stryker Background IP in which ownership   in same has vested in

Each Party to whom ownership is to vest in Joint IP by operation of law or by assignment by its employees or Agents agrees   to assign and hereby assigns to the other Party an undivided one-half right, title and interest in and to all Joint IP; and to facilitate   such assignment, the Party possessing such ownership agrees (i) to regularly ensure that its employees and consultants timely make   any appropriate assignments to it; and (ii) at the other Party's reasonable request, to execute and have its employees and   consultants execute, as necessary, all assignments and any other documentation to perfect the undivided one-half right, title and   interest in and to the other Party of such Joint IP.

All right, title and interest in and to the Improved Conformis Background IP and KIB Product IP ("Joint IP") shall be   owned jointly by the Parties.

Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, the Joint IP may be used freely by either Party or   its Affiliates and licensed to Third Parties by Conformis and its Affiliates, on the one hand, outside of the Buyer Field or by Stryker   and its Affiliates, on the other hand, within the Buyer Field, in each case, without the consent of, or duty to account to or notify, the   other Party, but, except with respect to external licenses of the Improved Conformis Background IP by Conformis or its Affiliates   to Third Parties, any external Third Party license shall be governed in accordance with the last sentence of Section 4.3(c) of the   APA.

To the extent required and for the avoidance of doubt, Stryker hereby grants Conformis, and Conformis hereby   accepts, a non-exclusive license to the Stryker Background IP and Improved Stryker Background IP solely for purposes of   performing any obligations under this Agreement and the Distribution Agreement.

Except as specifically provided in the Distribution Agreement, Conformis shall be prohibited from   developing or assisting another in developing, or causing another to develop, Patient-Specific Instrumentation for Off-The-Shelf   Knee Implants for any Third Party in the field of orthopedics until January 1, 2032 (or earlier, to the extent set forth in Section   2.3.3.4 or Section 2.3.5 of the Distribution Agreement), with the exception that Conformis (including any entity involved in a   Change of Control of Conformis, any such entity an "Acquirer"), may develop Patient-Specific Instrumentation for any Off-The-   Shelf Implants of Conformis, an Acquirer or any of their Affiliates.

EXCEPT FOR [**], IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE   OTHER PARTY FOR [**], EVEN IF SUCH PARTY WAS ADVISED OR AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH   DAMAGES.

Notwithstanding   anything to the contrary, Stryker's sole remedy and Conformis' exclusive liability for breach of Section 3.2 with respect to a   Product or a Stryker Product shall be as set forth in Section 10.1(i) of the Distribution Agreement.

Such termination, together with the provisions of Section 5.2 of the License Agreement,   constitutes as Stryker's sole remedy and Conformis' exclusive liability in the event of any such rejection or failure by Conformis to   deliver materially conforming Deliverables hereunder so long as such rejection or failure does not arise from Conformis' fraud,   willful misconduct, gross negligence or bad faith.

CONFORMIS' LIABILITY ON A PER OCCURRENCE BASIS UNDER SECTION 7.3(A)(IV) SHALL NOT   EXCEED THE GREATER OF (I) $[**] AND (II) THE AMOUNT OF INSURANCE COVERAGE ACTUALLY PAID TO   CONFORMIS UNDER THEN-CURRENT INSURANCE POLICIES OF CONFORMIS IN RESPECT OF SUCH   DAMAGES.

EXCEPT FOR [**], IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE   OTHER PARTY FOR [**], EVEN IF SUCH PARTY WAS ADVISED OR AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH   DAMAGES.

Broker Dealer Marketing and Servicing Agreement for Variable Annuity Contracts

Issuer

Distributor

ABC Company

Princor Financial Services Corporation

Distributor, Issuer and Broker Dealer are   individually referred to as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties"

_______________________ and its duly licensed insurance affiliates indicated on the signature page of this   Agreement

(collectively "Broker Dealer")

Principal Life Insurance Company

this ______ day of ________________, 2013,

this ______ day of ________________, 2013

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Iowa.

Any Party hereto may terminate this Agreement at any time upon prior written notice.

This Agreement may not be assigned by Broker Dealer without the prior written consent of Issuer and   Distributor, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

In those states where Broker Dealer has not obtained an insurance license, Broker Dealer represents and   warrants that: it has entered into an insurance networking agreement with the undersigned duly licensed   insurance affiliate(s) to act on its behalf in the capacity of a licensed insurance agent or agency   ("Affiliated Agency").

REAL ESTATE EDUCATION TRAINING PROGRAM DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

Legacy Education Alliance Holdings, Inc.

T&B Seminars, Inc.

LEA

T&B

12-23-2019

12-23-2019

The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.

The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.

The Term shall automatically renew thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term.

The Term shall automatically renew thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term.

This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to its provisions concerning the applicability of the laws of other jurisdictions, and specifically excluding the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.

Further, during the Term, except as otherwise provided herein, neither T&B nor any of its Affiliates may (1) offer to sell or sell any product or service that is the same or similar to the Products in the Exclusive Field of Use,

provided, however, that T&B, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, including all rights and licenses granted to LEA herein, if and as of the date that any monthly Royalty Payment (as defined in 9.3, below) payable to T&B does not exceed the Minimum Guaranteed Royalty for six (6) consecutive months.

T&B shall not, during the Term, grant any third party a license to use the Licensed Intellectual Property within the Exclusive Field of Use.

In consideration of the exclusivity rights granted to LEA, commencing with the seventh (7t h) month of the Term and continuing each year of the Term thereafter, the minimum Royalties payable to T&B each month shall be the greater of the (i) applicable monthly Base Royalty and Marketing Royalty or (ii) $200,000.

T&B hereby grants to LEA, and LEA hereby accepts from T&B, during the Term, the sole and exclusive worldwide right and license in and to the Licensed Intellectual Property, which right and license shall be limited to that which is necessary for LEA to (i) develop and create Educational Materials and (ii) develop, promote and conduct the Business worldwide , unless the license is earlier terminated as provided herein.

(2) contact, solicit, or direct any person or entity to contact or solicit, any of the customers of (or customers set forth in the Customer Data) for the purpose of providing any products or services that are the same or similar to the Products; provided, however, that T&B, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, including all rights and licenses granted to LEA herein, if and as of the date that any monthly Royalty Payment (as defined in 9.3, below) payable to T&B does not exceed the Minimum Guaranteed Royalty for six (6) consecutive months.

Further, during the Term, except as otherwise provided herein, neither T&B nor any of its Affiliates may

T&B shall not, during the Term, grant any third party a license to use the Licensed Intellectual Property within the Exclusive Field of Use.

Any assignment in conflict with this provision shall be void.

Neither party may assign this Agreement without the other party's prior written consent.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may assign this Agreement without the other party's prior written consent in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, change in control, or sale of substantially all of the assets or business of such assigning part

In lieu of any other royalty, the parties shall share Cash Sales from the sale of such independently developed T&B Products that are generated directly and independently by LEA as follows: [%] to LEA [%] to T&B

For monthly Cash Sales above [$] and up to [$] , the Base Royalty paid to T&B by LEA shall be [%]of the LEA's Cash Sales

For monthly Cash Sales above [$]the Base Royalty paid to T&B by LEA shall be [%] of the LEA's Cash Sales.

Marketing Royalty: In consideration of T&B Personality providing commercially reasonable, regular and periodic marketing support to LEA substantially in accordance with Schedule 2 attached to this Agreement and incorporated herein by reference, which LEA agrees to request and accept from T&B consistently during the Term, LEA will pay T&M a royalty in addition to the Base Royalty ("Marketing Royalty") which shall be comprised of and calculated at [%] of LEA's Cash Sales made from the sale of Products at live events and [%] of LEA's Cash Sales made from the sale of Products at on-line webinars

For monthly Cash Sales above [$] and up to [$], the Base Royalty paid to T&B by LEA shall be [%] of the LEA's Cash Sales

The parties acknowledge that the development and fulfillment of such new Products may require substantial time and effort by the T&B Personality to fulfill such new Products such that the Marketing Royalty payable pursuant to V. B., above, is inadequate to compensate T&B Personality; therefore, in lieu of any other royalty, the parties shall share Cash Sales from the sale of such new Products as follows: [%] to LEA [%] to T&B

For monthly Cash Sales above [$] and up to [$] the Base Royalty paid to T&B by LEA shall be [%] of the LEA's Cash Sales

In consideration of the License granted and other good and valuable consideration provided by T&B to LEA, LEA shall pay to T&B a base royalty ("Base Royalty") in the amount of [%] of LEA's monthly Cash Sales for Cash Sales of up to [$].

Approved Images  Minimum 5 Photos  Studio or in the field of Tarek o File Format: .jpg, .psd, .tiff, .png. o Approved Copy  Minimum 3 topics to post  1-2 paragraphs of content o Event promotion, Motivational and Real Estate Content o Approved Videos  Minimum 3 Videos  60 seconds to 3 minutes + o Studio or in the field of Tarek  Event promotion, Motivational and Real Estate Content o Personal Post  Minimum 1 social post on all platforms inviting people to events, products or services

Further, during the Term, except as otherwise provided herein, neither T&B nor any of its Affiliates may (1) offer to sell or sell any product or service that is the same or similar to the Products in the Exclusive Field of Use, or (2) contact, solicit, or direct any person or entity to contact or solicit, any of the customers of (or customers set forth in the Customer Data) for the purpose of providing any products or services that are the same or similar to the Products; provided, however, that T&B, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, including all rights and licenses granted to LEA herein, if and as of the date that any monthly Royalty Payment (as defined in 9.3, below) payable to T&B does not exceed the Minimum Guaranteed Royalty for six (6) consecutive months.

In consideration of the exclusivity rights granted to LEA, commencing with the seventh (7t h) month of the Term and continuing each year of the Term thereafter, the minimum Royalties payable to T&B each month shall be the greater of the (i) applicable monthly Base Royalty and Marketing Royalty or (ii) $200,000.

To facilitate the effective launch of the Business, T&B shall assist LEA by providing the following: o Approved Images  Minimum 5 Hero image/poses (studio or in the field) of Tarek  Full length, 3/4 or straight, waist up and/or chest up o Hi-resolution: 8"x10" or 5"x 7" 300 dpi flattened file  File Format: .jpg, .psd, .tiff, .png. o Approved Videos  Minimum 3 Live Workshop Promotion  1 30 second clip  1 60 second clip  1 3-minute video  Minimum 3 Online Workshop Promotion by topic  1 30 second clip  1 60 second clip  1 3-minute video  Minimum 5 Nurturing/Event Reminder- Live and Online (10)  1 Thank you for registering  1 Workshop reminder/ content  1 Motivational- Why/Purpose  1 Call to action- Show up. Take action by doing. o What they'll learn/expectations  1 Thank you for pursing education- post event

Approved Copy  Minimum 3 topics to post  1-2 paragraphs of content o Event promotion, Motivational and Real Estate Content o Approved Videos  Minimum 3 Videos  60 seconds to 3 minutes + o Studio or in the field of Tarek  Event promotion, Motivational and Real Estate Content

T&B Personality shall make six (6) public appearances each year of the Term, including an appearance at LEA's annual Hall of Fame Symposium, for the purpose of promoting the Business, which appearances may include autograph sessions, book signings, appearances at LEA's workshops, seminars and symposiums with each such session not to exceed four (4) hours

LEA shall compensate T&B Personality the sum of [$] plus first-class air and hotel accommodations for up to three (3) additional persons for each such appearance.

The parties may also conduct up to 10 "big stage" live events each year to market Products. LEA may request T&B Personality to appear at such events for not more than eight (8) hours each, subject to T&B Personality's availability

In the event LEA shall be deemed to have acquired any ownership rights in the Licensed Intellectual Property, the LEA shall assign, and agrees to execute all documents reasonably requested by T&B to assign, all such rights in the Licensed Intellectual Property to T&B or its nominee.

LEA and T&B shall jointly own all jointly-created work product including, but not limited to, ideas, any and all concepts, designs, Customer Data (including client lists) generated through the conduct of the Business, programs, software, reports, or other intellectual property and tangible work product, produced for the Business , regardless of whether such were incorporated into or used by the Business (collectively "Work Product"), shall be and remain the joint property of LEA and T&B when produced provided, however, (i) to the extent LEA has contributed distinct and divisible work product to the Business during the Term ("LEA Work Product"), such LEA Work Product shall remain frozen for a period not to exceed 90 days, during which time T&B may acquire a license for the LEA Work Product by reimbursing LEA direct and verifiable costs LEA incurred in producing the LEA Work Product during the Term and (ii) to the extent T&B has contributed distinct and divisible work product to the Business during the Term ("T&B Work Product"), such T&B Work Product shall remain frozen for a period not to exceed 90 days, during which time LEA may acquire license for the T&B Work Product by reimbursing T&B direct and verifiable costs T&B incurred in producing the T&B Work Product during the Term.

T&B hereby grants to LEA, and LEA hereby accepts from T&B, during the Term, the sole and exclusive worldwide right and license in and to the Licensed Intellectual Property, which right and license shall be limited to that which is necessary for LEA to (i) develop and create Educational Materials and (ii) develop, promote and conduct the Business worldwide , unless the license is earlier terminated as provided herein.

LEA shall, for a period of six (6) months ("Sell-Off Period") following the effective date of termination of the license granted by T&B hereunder, have the right to fulfill commitments made to customers during the Term

LEA shall keep such written records respecting Cash Sales as T&B may reasonably request so that Royalty Payments payable hereunder may be accurately determined and shall permit such records to be examined by T&B or its authorized representative upon reasonable prior written notice at any reasonable time during regular business hours to verify the records, reports and payments herein provided.

EXCEPT FOR AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH CLAIMS SUBJECT TO THE INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 9.1 OR A BREACH OF EITHER PARTY'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 5 (CONFIDENTIALITY), NEITHER PARTY WILL, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR ANY OTHER SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT FOR AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH CLAIMS SUBJECT TO THE INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 9.1 OR A BREACH OF EITHER PARTY'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 5 (CONFIDENTIALITY), NEITHER PARTY WILL, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR ANY OTHER SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

T&B and Tarek El Moussa shall be named as an additional insured on such insurance and proof of such inclusion shall be provided to T&B.

In any instance to which such indemnities pertain, LEA shall obtain and maintain necessary insurance, including, without limitation, Commercial General Liability Insurance, including product liability insurance, trademark infringement, copyright infringement, defamation, contractual liability and personal and advertising injury liability insurance in an amount no less than ten million dollars ($10,000,000.00) per occurrence and ten million dollars ($10,000,000.00) aggregate combined single limit.

LEA shall not at any time do or cause to be done any act, omission, or thing contesting or in any way impairing or tending to impair any part of T&B's right, title and interest in the Licensed Intellectual Property.

TRANSFER AND SERVICING AGREEMENT, d

Issuer

Servicer

Cellco Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless

Custodian

Depositor

Cellco

VERIZON OWNER TRUST 2020-A

VERIZON ABS LLC

Marketing Agent

January 29, 2020

Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).

This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.

THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES).

Within fifteen (15) Business Days after the merger, consolidation, succession or assignment, such Person will (i) execute an agreement to assume the Servicer's obligations under this Agreement and each Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party (unless the assumption happens by operation of Law), (ii) deliver to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that the merger, consolidation, succession or assignment and the assumption agreement comply with this Section 7.6 and (iii) notify the Rating Agencies of the merger, consolidation, succession or assignment.

Within fifteen (15) Business Days after the merger, consolidation, succession or assignment, such Person will (i) execute an agreement to assume the Depositor's obligations under this Agreement and each Transaction Document to which the Depositor is a party (unless the assumption happens by operation of Law), (ii) deliver to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that the merger, consolidation, succession or assignment and the assumption agreement comply with this Section 5.3, (iii) deliver to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that the security interest in favor of the Issuer in the Depositor Transferred Property and the Indenture Trustee in the Collateral is or will be perfected and (iv) notify the Rating Agencies of the merger, consolidation, succession or assignment.

Except as stated in Sections 5.3, 7.4 and 7.6, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Depositor or the Servicer without the consent of the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Certificateholders and the Noteholders of at least 66-2/3% of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class.

Except for the transfer and assignment under this Agreement, the Depositor will not transfer or assign any Depositor Transferred Property to another Person or Grant or allow a Lien, other than a Permitted Lien, on an interest in any Depositor Transferred Property.

If the Servicer resigns under Section 7.1, it will continue to perform its obligations as Servicer under this Agreement until the earlier to occur of (a) a Successor Servicer accepting its engagement as Servicer under Section 7.4 or (b) the date the Servicer is legally unable to act as Servicer.

On its resignation or termination, the Servicer will cooperate with the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and the Successor Servicer in effecting (i) the termination of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and (ii) an orderly transition of such rights and obligations to the Successor Servicer.

Upon reasonable request not more than once during any calendar year, and with reasonable notice, the Servicer will give the Issuer, the Depositor, the Parent Support Provider, the Administrator, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee (or their representatives) access to the records and documents to conduct a review of the Servicer's performance under this Agreement.

The Custodian will give the Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee access to the Receivable Files and the receivables systems to conduct a review of the Receivables.

Any access or review will be conducted at the Custodian's offices during normal business hours at a time reasonably convenient to the Custodian in a manner that will minimize disruption of its business operations.

The Custodian will give the Servicer access to the Receivable Files and, on request of the Servicer, the Custodian will promptly release any document in the Receivable Files to the Servicer for purposes of servicing the Receivables.

The sole remedy of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, and the Secured Parties for any extension, modification, amendment, cancellation or waiver of a Receivable or any terms thereof under Section 3.2(b) or a breach of the covenants made by the Servicer in Section 3.2(c) or (d) is the Servicer's acquisition of the Receivables, as described under this Section 3.3.

The Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, will be third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and may enforce this Agreement against the Depositor and the Servicer.

SUPPLY AGREEMENT

Vericel and MediWound may each be referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

MediWound Ltd.

Vericel

Vericel Corporation

MediWound

May 6, 2019

May 6, 2019

The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").

After the Initial Term (including any extension thereto made in accordance with the preceding sentence), the Agreement may be extended on a yearly basis up to ten (10) years at Vericel's sole discretion, with renewal notice to be provided to MediWound no later than twelve (12) months prior to the expiry of any yearly extension (the "Renewal Term", and the Initial Term, together with the Renewal Term, if any, the "Term"); provided that unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the Term of this Agreement (including the Initial Term, any extension of the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms) shall be no more than fifteen (15) years in total.

After the Initial Term (including any extension thereto made in accordance with the preceding sentence), the Agreement may be extended on a yearly basis up to ten (10) years at Vericel's sole discretion, with renewal notice to be provided to MediWound no later than twelve (12) months prior to the expiry of any yearly extension (the "Renewal Term", and the Initial Term, together with the Renewal Term, if any, the "Term"); provided that unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the Term of this Agreement (including the Initial Term, any extension of the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms) shall be no more than fifteen (15) years in total.

This Agreement, and all claims arising under or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles thereof.

After a Second Source commences supply of Product, in the event of a shortage of Materials or Product, MediWound will allocate to Vericel its pro rata share of MediWound's supply of the same in a manner no less favorable than those of its equivalently situated customers or MediWound's own similarly situated products.

During the first five (5) years of the Term, with respect to the Bulk Vehicle Gel, Intermediate Drug Product and Finished Product, Vericel shall order and purchase such Products exclusively from MediWound in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, Vericel may Manufacture or have Manufactured the Products (a) upon the occurrence of a Supply Failure with respect to any Product hereunder, or (b) as otherwise permitted under the terms of the License Agreement or this Agreement.

MediWound hereby grants to Vericel an exclusive (even as to MediWound), sublicensable, royalty- free, fully paid-up, license in the Territory to use the Licensed Trademarks (as defined in the License Agreement) and a non- exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free, fully paid-up, license to use the MediWound name and trademark, in

each case, in connection with the Manufacture of Licensed Products in or for the Territory.

Following the Initial Term, Vericel may, without penalty or prejudice to any other rights or remedies Vericel may have, in its sole discretion terminate or reduce the scope of any individual activities contemplated by this Agreement or any Additional Service or with respect to any Product or terminate this Agreement as a whole with or without cause, upon [***] prior written notice of such termination or reduction (which such written notice may be provided during the Initial Term).

Any assignment not in accordance with this Section 11.1 shall be void.

Neither this Agreement nor any interest hereunder shall be assignable by a Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, except as follows: (a) such Party may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates, provided that the assignee shall expressly agree to be bound by such Party's obligations under this Agreement and that such Party shall remain liable for all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, and (b) either Party may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to a Third Party in connection with a permitted assignment or other permitted transfer of the License Agreement. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party of any assignment or transfer under the provisions of this Section 11.1.

To the extent that a delivery is less than [***] but at least [***] of the amount set out on the relevant Purchase Order, Vericel shall accept such delivery and shall be entitled, (A) where commercially reasonable for Vericel, to vary the delivery date agreed between Vericel and MediWound in accordance with Section 2.8 for the immediately following shipment(s) of the applicable Product due to the acceptance of such delivery, and (B) to increase subsequent Purchase Orders with the applicable shortage quantities.

In each Calendar Year following Vericel's submission of the first Rolling Forecast, Vericel shall issue Purchase Orders for at least [***] of the quantities of each Product set forth in the current Calendar Year of the Rolling Forecast (as was set forth at the Rolling Forecast submitted immediately prior to the beginning of such Calendar Year).

If MediWound fails to respond to a Purchase Order that is consistent with the Binding Forecast within [***] after receiving it, Vericel will, within [***] thereafter, confirm with MediWound that such Purchase Order was received by MediWound, and if such Purchase Order is consistent with the Binding Forecast and was properly submitted by Vericel in accordance with this Section 2.8(b), MediWound shall be deemed to have accepted such Purchase Order ("Binding Order") as of the date of MediWound's receipt of such Purchase Order.

The Parties agree and acknowledge that, as of the Effective Date, MediWound's current Facility can fill orders from Vericel for use in the Territory up to [***] of Intermediate Drug Product, whether provided in that form or in the form of the equivalent amount of Finished Product within a calendar year ("Maximum Capacity").

The remaining shelf-life for each Product for the Territory shall be at least [***] of the FDA approved shelf-life of such Product, as measured from the time of delivery of such Product to Vericel (the "Minimum Shelf Life").

If a Purchase Order contains quantities of Products in excess of the quantity of such Product forecasted for such quarter (as was set forth at the Rolling Forecast submitted immediately prior to the beginning of such Calendar Year) by an amount greater than [***] of the Binding Forecast ("Excess Amount"), MediWound will accept the Purchase Order up to, but not including the Excess Amount which in any event will not exceed the Maximum Capacity.

each case, in connection with the Manufacture of Licensed Products in or for the Territory.

MediWound hereby grants to Vericel an exclusive (even as to MediWound), sublicensable, royalty- free, fully paid-up, license in the Territory to use the Licensed Trademarks (as defined in the License Agreement) and a non- exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free, fully paid-up, license to use the MediWound name and trademark, in

Subject to the terms herein, MediWound hereby grants to Vericel a non-exclusive, sublicensable (subject to Section 4.2 of the License Agreement) license under the MediWound Technology and MediWound's interest in the Joint Technology, to Manufacture and have Manufactured Licensed Products in the Territory for use in the Field in the Territory.

MediWound hereby grants to Vericel an exclusive (even as to MediWound), sublicensable, royalty- free, fully paid-up, license in the Territory to use the Licensed Trademarks (as defined in the License Agreement) and a non- exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free, fully paid-up, license to use the MediWound name and trademark, in

Subject to the terms herein, MediWound hereby grants to Vericel a non-exclusive, sublicensable (subject to Section 4.2 of the License Agreement) license under the MediWound Technology and MediWound's interest in the Joint Technology, to Manufacture and have Manufactured Licensed Products in the Territory for use in the Field in the Territory.

Following expiration of the Royalty Term (as defined in the License Agreement) for any Licensed Product in a given country, the license granted to Vericel under Section 9.1 of this Agreement with respect to such Licensed Product in such country shall automatically become fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable and royalty-free.

In addition, upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement:

(a) if Vericel terminates the Agreement for breach or MediWound terminates in accordance with Section 8.5, Vericel shall have the option of [***]

(b) Vericel shall pay to MediWound: (i) all amounts outstanding and remaining to be paid for Product supplied prior to such expiration or termination or under any other obligation under the Agreement; (ii) all amounts for Product in the Binding Forecasts and Binding Orders prior to the expiration or termination, provided that MediWound delivers such Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (iii) all amounts representing the purchase by MediWound of Materials in reliance upon the Binding Forecasts and Binding Orders (if MediWound is unable to cancel (without incurring any costs) or otherwise use such Materials); and (iv) all amounts representing remaining inventory of Product and all Product work in process undertaken in accordance with the Binding Forecasts or Binding Orders or undertaken otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

MediWound shall use commercially reasonable efforts to procure the right for Vericel to have the same inspection rights described in this Section 3.4 at the premises of any such subcontractor, and if unable to procure such rights, shall carry out such audits itself and shall report its non-confidential findings to Vericel.

Vericel shall have the right from time to time during the Term of this Agreement, but not more than [***] (unless (i) otherwise agreed between the Parties or (ii) if Section 3.4(b) below applies) during normal business hours and upon not less than [***] prior notice (unless Section 3.4(b)(iv) applies), to enter and inspect any Facility and any related utilities and/or services used in Manufacturing Product in order to carry out a cGMP quality and compliance audit of those parts of the Facility involved in or which could have any impact on Manufacture of such Product (including those used for storing, warehousing and/or testing and utilities), including for the purpose of confirming that no types of product which could reasonably be expected to impact the quality of the Product are being manufactured on site in deviation of cGMP.

In addition to the rights set out in Section 3.4(a), where (i) any audit carried out in accordance with this Section 3.4 has identified any breach of this Agreement, (ii) Vericel has a reasonable basis to suspect a breach of this Agreement, (iii) any previous audit carried out in accordance with this Section 3.4 has identified any major or critical findings, or (iv) if such audit is in response to or following an audit from a regulatory agency, and such audit resulted in a 483 or equivalent citation, then Vericel shall have the right to carry out, upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, follow up compliance audit(s).

MediWound shall make such records and data available for Vericel's review on Vericel's reasonable request as mutually agreed by the Parties.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY OR OTHERWISE, SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE. [***].

Vericel shall be deemed to have accepted such shipment of Product as Conforming Product and any shortage in quantity if it does not provide Rejection Notice within [***] after receipt of delivery describing the reasons for such rejections in reasonable detail, provided, however, that such [***] period shall not apply to any Latent Defects, in which case Vericel shall notify MediWound of any such failure as soon as reasonably possible, but in any event within [***] after the Latent Defect is confirmed by Vericel and prior to expiration of the shelf-life for such Product.

For the duration of this Agreement and for a period of [***] following its termination, each Party agrees to obtain and maintain, during the Term, commercial general liability insurance, including product liability insurance, with reputable and financially secure insurance carriers (or pursuant to a program of self-insurance reasonably satisfactory to the other Party) to cover its indemnification obligations under Section 7.1 or Section 7.2, as applicable, in each case with limits of not less than [***] per occurrence and in the aggregate. Insurance shall be procured with carriers having an A.M. Best Rating of A-VII or better.

SERVICE AGREEMENT

WPP 2005 LIMITED

Company

JOHN ROGERS

Executive

1 October 2019

27 January 2020

The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.

This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with English law, save where provided otherwise herein.

The Executive agrees and undertakes with the Company acting on behalf of itself and as agent for each Group Company that he will not in any Relevant Capacity at any time during the Restricted Period: (a) within or in relation to the Restricted Territory take any steps preparatory to or be directly or indirectly engaged, employed, interested or concerned in: (i) any Competing Business; and/or (ii) any Target Business Entity, (b) within or in relation to the Restricted Territory acquire a substantial or controlling interest directly or by or through any nominee or nominees in any Competing Business, Target Business Entity or in any Person owning or controlling a Competing Business or Target Business Entity; or (c) solicit or attempt to solicit, canvass, interfere with or entice away from the Company or any Relevant Group Company the custom or any prospective custom of any Client or any Prospect with a view to providing to that Client or Prospect any products or services which are the same as or materially similar to any Restricted Business in competition with the Company or any Relevant Group Company; or (d) provide or agree to provide any products or services which are the same as or materially similar to any Restricted Business to any Client or any Prospect in competition with the Company or any Relevant Group Company; or (e) solicit, entice or encourage or attempt to solicit, entice or encourage any Key Individual to leave the employment of the Company or any Relevant Group Company (whether or not such person would commit any breach of his contract of employment by doing so); or (f) employ, engage, appoint, enter into partnership or association with or in any way cause to be employed, engaged or appointed any Key Individual in relation to any Person which is or is proposing to be a Competing Business or is or is proposed to be directly or indirectly owned by or controlling any Competing Business; or (g) provide or agree to provide any products or services which are the same as or materially similar to any Restricted Business in respect of any Competitor Account; or (h) be employed or engaged by any Client or Prospect if as a result the Client or Prospect will cease to use or materially reduce its usage of the products or services of the Company or any Relevant Group Company or, in the case of a Prospect, will not use the products or services of the Company or any Relevant Group Company or use them to a materially lesser extent; or (i) solicit or try to solicit or place orders for the supply of products or services from any Supplier if as a result the Supplier will cease supplying, materially reduce its supply or vary detrimentally the terms on which it supplies products or services to the Company or any Relevant Group Company; or

During the Appointment, the Executive may not accept any employment with or appointment to any office, whether paid or unpaid, in relation to anybody, whether corporate or not (other than a Group Company), or directly or indirectly be interested in any manner in any other business except:

(a) as holder or beneficial owner (for investment purposes only) of any class of securities in a company if those securities are listed or dealt in on a Recognised Investment Exchange and the Executive (together with his spouse, children, parents and parents' issue) neither holds nor is beneficially interested in more than 1% of the securities of that class; or (b) with the consent in writing of the Company, which may be given subject to any terms which the Company requires.

(j) encourage, assist or procure any Person to do anything which if done by the Executive would be a breach of sub clauses 1 (a) to (i).

The Executive agrees and undertakes with the Company acting on behalf of itself and as agent for each Group Company that he will not in any Relevant Capacity at any time during the Restricted Period:

(c) solicit or attempt to solicit, canvass, interfere with or entice away from the Company or any Relevant Group Company the custom or any prospective custom of any Client or any Prospect with a view to providing to that Client or Prospect any products or services which are the same as or materially similar to any Restricted Business in competition with the Company or any Relevant Group Company;

During the Appointment, the Executive may not accept any employment with or appointment to any office, whether paid or unpaid, in relation to anybody, whether corporate or not (other than a Group Company), or directly or indirectly be interested in any manner in any other business except:

(a) as holder or beneficial owner (for investment purposes only) of any class of securities in a company if those securities are listed or dealt in on a Recognised Investment Exchange and the Executive (together with his spouse, children, parents and parents' issue) neither holds nor is beneficially interested in more than 1% of the securities of that class; or (b) with the consent in writing of the Company, which may be given subject to any terms which the Company requires.

The Executive agrees and undertakes with the Company acting on behalf of itself and as agent for each Group Company that he will not in any Relevant Capacity at any time during the Restricted Period:

(e) solicit, entice or encourage or attempt to solicit, entice or encourage any Key Individual to leave the employment of the Company or any Relevant Group Company (whether or not such person would commit any breach of his contract of employment by doing so);

15.2 The Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (whether or not any notice of termination has been given under sub clause 15.1) terminate this Agreement at any time and with immediate effect by giving notice in writing to the Executive that the Company is exercising its rights pursuant to this clause 15.

The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.

To the extent that ownership of Intellectual Property Rights does not vest in the Company by operation of law, the Executive hereby assigns to the Company his entire right, title and interest in all Intellectual Property Rights which arise in the course of performing his obligations under this Agreement (including all present and future copyright, and copyright revivals and extensions).

Participation in all insurance schemes from time to time is subject to: (a) the terms of the relevant insurance scheme, as amended from time to time; (b) the rules or the insurance policy of the relevant insurance provider, or WPP Healthcare Trust as amended from time to time; and (c) the Executive (and where relevant any other potential beneficiary) satisfying the normal underwriting requirements of the relevant insurance provider and the premium being at a rate which the Company considers reasonable.

The Executive is entitled to membership of a Group income protection plan and life assurance cover, which will be paid for by the Company.

In partial spend of the fixed benefits allowance referred to in sub-clause 6.1, the Executive and his spouse or civil partner and any children under the age of 21 (or 24 if in full time education) are entitled to membership of a private medical insurance scheme.

The Company shall have the right at its sole discretion to alter the cover provided or any term of any insurance scheme or to cease to provide (without replacement) any insurance scheme or cover at any time.

Reseller Agreement

TouchStar

WORLDWIDE STRATEGIES

TOUCHSTAR SOFTWARE CORPORATION

Reseller

14 day of SEPTEMBER, 200_

14 day of SEPTEMBER, 200_

This Agreement shall continue in force for a term           of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated           earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED           that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any           time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days'           prior written notice to Reseller.

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND                 CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF COLORADO,                 UNITED STATES, WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES REGARDING                 CONFLICT OF LAWS.

Reseller shall not import, promote,





          distribute, license, market or sell any products in

the Territory which directly compete with the TouchStar Software or           Support Services.

Reseller shall not obtain the           TouchStar Software or Support Services (or any software or services           which compete with the TouchStar Software) for sale from any Entity           other than TouchStar or its authorized agents.

Nothing contained in           this Agreement is intended to limit Reseller from responding to           unsolicited requests from Customers from outside of the Territory;           PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Reseller shall (a) immediately notify           TouchStar upon receipt of any such request and (b) not seek customers           of TouchStar Software or Support Services in any other location other           than in the Territory.

Reseller will not make an offer of

employment to any former employee of TouchStar for a period of four           (4) months after such employee leaves the employ of TouchStar.

During the Term, and for a period of one year           following the termination or expiration of this Agreement, Reseller           will not, directly or indirectly, make an offer of employment to any           current employee of TouchStar or otherwise encourage or solicit any           current employee of TouchStar to leave the employ of TouchStar for any           reason, or to devote less than all of such employee's efforts to the           affairs of TouchStar, without (a) the prior written agreement of           TouchStar, which TouchStar may grant in its sole discretion, and (b)           the payment by Reseller to TouchStar of a mutually agreeable severance           fee.

This Agreement shall continue in force for a term           of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated           earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED           that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any           time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days'           prior written notice to Reseller.

Except for the rights of TouchStar under Section 10.7(a), this                 Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior                 written consent of the other. Any attempted assignment in                 violation of this provision shall be void and shall be deemed a                 breach of this Agreement.

Reseller acknowledges that meeting the Quotas is an           essential element of this Agreement and that this Agreement may be           terminated by TouchStar if, in TouchStar's reasonable opinion,           Reseller will not meet the Quotas during the Term or any extension           thereof.

TouchStar shall provide to Reseller, the Other           Resellers, and its and their employees assistance relating to the           TouchStar Software as reasonably requested by Reseller, but in any           event in an amount not to exceed twenty (20) hours of assistance per           month.

To the extent that Reseller or any Other Reseller is deemed to                 be the owner of all or any portion of the TouchStar Software,                 any Intellectual Property Rights of TouchStar or any Ancillary                 Software, or any improvements or intellectual property rights                 related thereto pursuant to applicable law, Reseller (i) hereby                 assigns exclusively to TouchStar all rights of Reseller in and                 to such Software and any improvements and intellectual property                 rights related thereto royalty-free and exclusively and (ii)                 shall include in any Other Reseller Agreement provision by which                 any Other Reseller grants to TouchStar an exclusive, perpetual,                 irrevocable, royalty-free assignment of all deemed rights of                 such Other Reseller in and to such TouchStar Software, Ancillary                 Software and Intellectual Property Rights.

Reseller grants to           TouchStar a right and license to use the Reseller Marks in the           preparation of the Private Label Software.

TouchStar hereby grants to Reseller, with the additional right                 to grant to Other Resellers who or which enter into an Other                 Reseller Agreement, the nontransferable and nonexclusive right                 and license to use one copy of the TouchStar Software as                 necessary to demonstrate the TouchStar Software to potential                 Customers in the Territory.

Upgrades and enhancements to the TouchStar Software or           Support Services shall automatically be deemed included as TouchStar           Software or Support Services, as applicable, unless TouchStar notifies           Reseller otherwise.

TouchStar hereby grants to Reseller, with the additional right                 to grant to Other Resellers who or which enter into an Other                 Reseller Agreement, the nontransferable and nonexclusive right                 and license to use one copy of the TouchStar Software as                 necessary to demonstrate the TouchStar Software to potential                 Customers in the Territory.

To the extent that Reseller or any Other Reseller is deemed to                 be the owner of all or any portion of the TouchStar Software,                 any Intellectual Property Rights of TouchStar or any Ancillary                 Software, or any improvements or intellectual property rights                 related thereto pursuant to applicable law, Reseller (i) hereby                 assigns exclusively to TouchStar all rights of Reseller in and                 to such Software and any improvements and intellectual property                 rights related thereto royalty-free and exclusively and (ii)                 shall include in any Other Reseller Agreement provision by which                 any Other Reseller grants to TouchStar an exclusive, perpetual,                 irrevocable, royalty-free assignment of all deemed rights of                 such Other Reseller in and to such TouchStar Software, Ancillary                 Software and Intellectual Property Rights.

In the event that (a) TouchStar terminates this           Agreement in accordance with any one or more of the provisions of           Section 8.2 or (b) Reseller elects not to enter into a new agreement           with TouchStar pursuant to Section 8.1, Reseller shall refer to           TouchStar or TouchStar's designee all inquiries and orders received by           Reseller pertaining to the purchase of Support Services.

In the event that (i) TouchStar terminates this Agreement in                 accordance with any one or more of the provisions of Section 8.2                 or (ii) Reseller elects not to enter into a new agreement with





                TouchStar pursuant to Section 8.1, all Customer Agreements with                 Customers shall be transferred by Reseller to TouchStar.

In the event that (i) TouchStar elects not to enter into a new                 agreement with Reseller pursuant to Section 8.2 or (ii) Reseller                 terminates this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of                 Section 8.3, Reseller shall retain all Customer Agreements with                 Customers and TouchStar shall continue to provide Support                 Services under such Customer Agreements for the remaining term                 of such Customer Agreements.

THE SOLE OBLIGATION OF           TOUCHSTAR, AND THE SOLE REMEDY OF RESELLER OR ANY OTHER RESELLER,           UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE (A) WITH REGARD TO THE TOUCHSTAR           SOFTWARE OR ANY CALL CENTER SYSTEM, THE REPLACEMENT OR REPAIR OF THE           TOUCHSTAR SOFTWARE OR THE CALL CENTER SYSTEM OR, AT THE OPTION OF           TOUCHSTAR, THE RETURN OF THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID BY RESELLER

IN NO EVENT SHALL TOUCHSTAR BE LIABLE TO           RESELLER, ANY OTHER RESELLER OR ANY CUSTOMER BY REASON OF ANY           REPRESENTATION OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, CONDITION, OTHER TERM, OR ANY DUTY           AT COMMON LAW, OR UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, FOR ANY DIRECT,           INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE LOSS OR DAMAGE (WHETHER           FOR LOSS OF PROFIT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH           ANY ACT OR OMISSION OF TOUCHSTAR RELATING TO THE DEVELOPMENT,           MANUFACTURE, OR SUPPLY OF THE TOUCHSTAR SOFTWARE, THE SERVICES, OR THE           INSTALLATION OF ANY CALL CENTER SYSTEM, THEIR RESALE BY RESELLER, OR           THEIR USE BY ANY CUSTOMER OR OTHER END USER.

FOR SUCH TOUCHSTAR SOFTWARE OR CALL CENTER SYSTEM AND (B) WITH REGARD





          TO SERVICES, THE REPERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES.

TouchStar shall have no liability to           Reseller or any Other Reseller by reason of the termination or           expiration of this Agreement for compensation, reimbursement, or           damages of any kind, including any loss of prospective profits on           anticipated sales, loss of goodwill, or investments made in reliance           on this Agreement.

Other than pursuant to this Section                         10.12(b)(v), the arbitration award shall not include any                         indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or                         punitive damages and the arbitrators shall be so                         instructed.

THE SOLE OBLIGATION OF           TOUCHSTAR, AND THE SOLE REMEDY OF RESELLER OR ANY OTHER RESELLER,           UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE (A) WITH REGARD TO THE TOUCHSTAR           SOFTWARE OR ANY CALL CENTER SYSTEM, THE REPLACEMENT OR REPAIR OF THE           TOUCHSTAR SOFTWARE OR THE CALL CENTER SYSTEM OR, AT THE OPTION OF           TOUCHSTAR, THE RETURN OF THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID BY RESELLER

                                       14

          FOR SUCH TOUCHSTAR SOFTWARE OR CALL CENTER SYSTEM AND (B) WITH REGARD





          TO SERVICES, THE REPERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES.

TouchStar warrants that (a) with regard to the           TouchStar Software,

material respects with the specifications contained in TouchStar's           technical literature with regard to the TouchStar Software,

(ii) for a period of ninety (90)           days after delivery, the TouchStar Software will perform in all

At a minimum, Reseller will subscribe for and maintain           during the Term and for a period of two (2) years thereafter,           commercial general liability insurance and errors and omission           insurance in minimum amounts of Two Million Dollars (US$2,000,000) per           occurrence.

Reseller will ensure that any persons or entities           engaged by or employed by it will carry and maintain such insurance           coverage.

Each policy will include a provision requiring notice to the           other party at least thirty (30) days prior to any cancellation,           non-renewal, or material modification of the policy and will require           that each policy will name TouchStar as an additional insured.

(c) dispute or deny the validity of any of the Intellectual           Property Rights (including any attempt to register or record the same           in any jurisdiction), (d) do any act or omit to do any act whereby           TouchStar's right, title, and interest in the Intellectual Property           Rights may become invalidated or otherwise adversely affected

In particular, and without limitation, Reseller shall not

SECOND AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

FEDERATED ADVISORY SERVICES COMPANY

FEDERATED INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY

FASC

Adviser

March 1, 2016

March 1, 2016

This Second Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

Amendment n 01   to the Global Maintenance Agreement ref. DS/C-3957/14 Issue 7

AZUL

AZUL LINHAS AREAS BRASILEIRAS S/A

ATR

Hereinafter individually referred to as the "Party" or collectively as the "Parties"

AVIONS DE TRANSPORT REGIONAL, G.I.E

Company

"Repairer'

January 6th, 2016

This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.

January 6th, 2016

This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.

Pursuant to and in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law, the Parties hereto agree that this Amendment in all respects, and any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Amendment, or any dealing between the Parties relating to the subject matter of this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby or the Company/Repairer relationship being established, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A. as applied to contracts to be performed wholly within the State of New York (Exclusive of Section 7-101 of the New York General Obligations Law which is inapplicable to this Amendment).

Software Development Agreement

STATEMENT OF WORK - APPENDIX A

Developer

SEATTLE SOFTWARE DEVELOPERS, Inc.

Client

PELICAN DELIVERS INC.

Strategic Alliance Agreement

UTEK Corporation

World Energy Solutions

AVDU

UTK

9th day of September 200

The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.

The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner

Should AVDU decide not to proceed in the acquisition of the technology/company as described above, then AVDU shall be prohibited from acquiring the technology/company either directly or indirectly, from the technology/company developer for a period of 24 months following the termination of this Strategic Alliance Agreement.

AVDU will not seek to acquire any technologies presented to AVDU by UTK directly from the technology developer for a period of 24 months following the termination of this Strategic Alliance agreement.

AVDU agrees that for a twenty four months (24) following the execution of this Agreement, AVDU shall not, without UTEK's prior written consent, directly or indirectly solicit for employment any present employee of UTEK, or request induce or advise any employee of UTEK to leave the employ of UTEK.

In turn, UTEK agrees that it will not directly or indirectly solicit any present employee of AVDU.

Either party may terminate this agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.

Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.

Present technology acquisition opportunities for AVDU. AVDU will have 30-days to determine if they want to go forward with the technology license.

  a. UTK after 30 days shall have the right to present the technology to other clients.

UTK agrees to provide the following distinct services to AVDU:

The benefits of the Agreement shall inure to the respective successors and assignees of the parties and assigns and representatives, and the obligations and liabilities assumed in this Agreement by the parties hereto shall be binding upon their respective successors and assigns; provided that the rights and obligations of UTK under this Agreement may not be assigned or delegated without the prior written consent of AVDU and any such purported assignment shall be null and void.

In consideration for providing these Services, AVDU shall pay UTK $120,000 worth of unregistered shares of common stock (31,413 shares) upon the execution of this Strategic Alliance Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, UTK may assign this Agreement or any portion of its Compensation as outlined herein to its subsidiaries in its sole discretion.

OUTSOURCING AGREEMENT

MODUS MEDIA INTERNATIONAL

MMI

DRAGON SYSTEMS

DRAGON SYSTEMS, INC.

19 Jan. 1998

19 Jan. 1998

This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.

Any lawsuit relating to any matter arising under this Agreement may be initiated in a State or Federal Court located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or in any court in the Netherlands having jurisdiction over the matter.

Dragon may terminate this agreement without cause by giving sixty (60) days written notice to MMI.

MMI shall not be liable for indirect or consequential damages unless caused by intention or gross negligence.

Should MMI not supply the Services as agreed or should the Services become defective within 6 months from their delivery to Dragon Systems, Dragon Systems may at its option require MMI to complete or re-perform the Services within a reasonable period of time, rescind the contract or refuse payment of the compensation in part or in total, notwithstanding any damage claims.

MMI shall at its own expense obtain and maintain with an insurer adequate insurance coverage in respect of any Dragon Systems property under the care, custody or control of MMI.

Unconditional Capital Maintenance Agreement

American International Group, Inc.

American General Life Insurance Company

AIG

Company

March 30, 2011

March 30, 2011

To the extent not terminated previously        by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate        automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by        AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.

Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this        Agreement shall continue indefinitely.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the        laws of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of        laws.

AIG shall have the absolute right        to terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice        to the Company, which notice shall state the effective date of        termination (the "Termination Date"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that AIG agrees        not to terminate this Agreement unless (a) AIG significantly modifies        the corporate structure or ownership of the Company, or (b) AIG sells        the Company to an acquirer (i) having a rating from at least one of S&P,        Moody's, A.M. Best or a substitute agency, which is a nationally        recognized statistical rating organization, that is at least equal to        the lower of (x) AIG's then-current rating from such agency or (y) the        Company's then-current rating as supported by this Agreement from such        agency; or (ii) such that, immediately on the effective date of the sale        by AIG of the Company, the Company's capitalization is consistent with        the minimum capital adequacy standards and criteria of at least one of        S&P, Moody's, A.M. Best or a substitute agency, which is a nationally        recognized statistical rating organization, for a rating that is equal        to or better than the Company's then-current rating on the date        immediately preceding such sale.

This Agreement is not, and nothing herein contained and nothing done        pursuant hereto by AIG shall constitute or be construed or deemed to        constitute, an evidence of indebtedness or an obligation or liability of        AIG as guarantor, endorser, surety or otherwise in respect of any        obligation, indebtedness or liability, of any kind whatsoever, of the        Company.

This Agreement does not provide, and is not intended to be        construed or deemed to provide, any policyholder of the Company with        recourse to or against any of the assets of AIG.

Outsourcing Contract on Development of Miaoli Royal Resort Hotel

Party B

Party A

Chang Chen- Bin Architects Office

The HUANG JIA Country CLUB and Recreation Inc.

October 29, 2015

Should either Party herein initiate a legal proceeding for revoking any arbitration result regarding the Contract, both Parties herein agree to take the Miaoli District Court of Taiwan as the competent court of first instance pursuant to the laws of the R.O.C..

JOINT FILING STATEMENT

SCULPTOR MANAGEMENT, INC.

SCULPTOR CAPITAL LP

SCULPTOR CAPITAL HOLDING CORPORATION

SCULPTOR MASTER FUND LTD

April 8, 2020

Distributorship agreement

Signature Orthopaedics Pty Ltd

CPM Medical Consultants, LLC

29/3/18

This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.

This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.

This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.

This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Ohio law.

act as the agent or the buying agent, for any person for any goods which are competitive with the Product; or

The Distributor shall not:

The Distributor shall not sub-license, transfer or otherwise deal with the rights of use of the Trade Marks granted under this agreement.

The Distributor shall not sub-contract or delegate in any manner any or all of its obligations under this agreement to any third party or agent.

Without affecting any other rights that it may be entitled to, the Supplier may give notice in writing to the Distributor terminating this agreement immediately if the Distributor purports to assign its rights or obligations under this agreement to an entity that is not (1) affiliated with, (2) related to, or (3) sharing common ownership with the Distributor (a Permitted Assignee).

The Distributor shall not assign, transfer, mortgage, charge, declare a trust of or deal in any other manner with this agreement or any of its rights and obligations under or arising out of this agreement, or purport to do any of the same; provided, however, the Distributor may assign or transfer this agreement to a Permitted Assignee without the consent of Supplier.

The Supplier hereby grants to the Distributor the non-exclusive right, in the Territory, to use the Trade Marks in the promotion, advertisement and sale of the Products, subject to, and for the duration of, this agreement.

At the Supplier's option, on termination of this agreement:

(a) the Supplier may buy from the Distributor all or any stocks of Products for the current market value for those Products. The Distributor must deliver such Products to the Supplier within 14 days of receiving the Supplier's notice, and the Supplier must pay for the Products in full within 30 days of their delivery. The Supplier shall be responsible for the costs of packaging, insurance and carriage of the Products; or

(b) the Distributor may dispose of the balance of the Products in its possession and account to the Supplier for the Price for those Products;

allow the Supplier, on reasonable notice, access to its accounts and records relating to the sale or distribution of the Products for inspection but not more than once in each year.

The Distributor undertakes and agrees with the Supplier that at all times during the Term it will:

During the Term, the Supplier shall maintain product liability insurance with a reputable insurer of no less than AU$10 million for any one occurrence for any and all liability (however arising) for a claim that the Products are faulty or defective.

The Supplier shall add the distributor to their current insurance certificate.

The Distributor shall not do, or omit to do, anything in its use of the Trade Marks that could adversely affect their validity or the goodwill of the Supplier.

OUTSOURCING AGREEMENT

Contractor

Redwater LLC

Twin Cities Power Holdings, LLC

Company

this  day of , 2012

This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall  continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.

this  day of , 2012

The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the  Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.

This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall  continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of  Minnesota, without regard to conflict of law principles.

The Company will have the ability to terminate this Agreement by giving 60 days' prior  written notice to the Contractor.

The Company or the Contractor may terminate this Agreement at any time in whole or in part as more  specifically provided below, and in such case, the Contractor will be paid fees incurred up to the date of such termination plus its expenses  accrued as of such date within 30 days of such termination.

The Contractor will have the ability to terminate this Agreement by giving 90 days' prior written notice to the  Company.

In the event that the Company engages a third party to perform any of the obligations of the  Contractor under this Agreement, the Company      19





     shall provide written notice to the Contractor of such engagement, the Contractor shall thereafter be relieved of any such obligations for which the  third party was engaged.

The Contractor shall not assign this Agreement or any of its rights, powers, duties or obligations hereunder without the  express prior written consent of the Company, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Neither party may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of  the other party.

In consideration of the agreement of the Contractor to provide its services as set forth in this  Agreement, the Company will pay the Contractor the following amounts:     (i) a monthly service fee of $7.50 per note based on the maximum number of notes outstanding during the  month, subject to a monthly minimum of $2,500;

Any and all web pages used by Contractor in connection with the Offering (the "Web Pages"), and all  associated Proprietary Rights, shall be owned exclusively by the Company.

During the term of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants the Contractor a limited license to use the  Company's logo, corporate colors, trademarks, trade names, fonts, and other aspects of corporate identity in  advertisements and marketing materials related to the Notes and on the Contractor's website, subject to the Company's  prior written approval of the specific use of these items in writing in each instance (which shall not be unreasonably  withheld).

If this Agreement is terminated, or otherwise at the instruction of the Company, the Contractor shall promptly  deliver to the Company or its designee, as the case may be, all Note files and records (including, without limitation, copies of  computerized records and servicing and other software, except as may be prohibited by any third party contract or license) related to  the administration of the Notes and all monies collected by it relating to the Renewable Note Program (less any fees or expenses due to  the Contractor).

In addition to  delivering such data and monies, the Contractor shall use its best efforts to effect the orderly and efficient transfer of the administration  of the Notes to the Company or other party designated by the Company to assume responsibility for such administration, including,  without limitation, directing Holders to remit all repurchase or other notices to the address designated by the Company.

Such reasonable additional action includes, but is not limited to, cooperating with Company in verification  of Contractor's compliance, such as by providing copies of certificates of insurance and of other books and records of Contractor, and  by permitting inspection of the premises, books and records of Contractor.

The  Contractor shall supply copies of any such documents, files, or other records upon the request of the Company, as soon as is  reasonably and commercially practicable at the Company's cost and expense.

At any time the Company and its agents and representatives may physically inspect any documents, files or  other records relating to the Renewable Note Program and discuss the same with the Contractor's officers and employees.

The Contractor maintains insurance, which is in full force and effect, with insurers of recognized financial responsibility of  the types and in the amounts generally deemed adequate for its business and, to the best of the Contractor's knowledge, in line with  the insurance maintained by similar companies and businesses; and the Contractor has no reason to believe that it will not be able to  renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be  necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not materially and adversely affect the financial condition or business  operations of the Contractor.

Such reasonable additional action includes, but is not limited to, cooperating with Company in verification  of Contractor's compliance, such as by providing copies of certificates of insurance and of other books and records of Contractor, and  by permitting inspection of the premises, books and records of Contractor.

Any  successor of any party or of any such controlling person, or any legal representative of such controlling person, as the case may be, shall be  entitled to the benefit of the respective indemnity and contribution agreements.

ASP and Outsourcing Agreement

Order Form

HIGH SPEED NET SOLUTIONS, INC.

HSNS

E.PIPHANY, INC.

E.piphany

E.piphany, Inc.

High Speed Net Solutions, Inc.

July __, 2000

31 day of July, 2000

JULY __,  2000.

31 day of July, 2000

This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.

This Agreement, and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of California.

Any assignment in derogation of the foregoing shall be null and void.

assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement to any person or entity without the





other's written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that the withholding of consent of assignment to a competitor of the other party shall be deemed reasonable.

Neither party may

HSNS agrees to pay E.piphany an additional                   $0.005 per email for any email distributed by HSNS as a result                   of any deal it closes that either results from a lead                   generated by E.piphany or in which E.piphany assisted prior to                   closing for the first year after the deal closes.

Reseller must have a minimum of five (5) of its sales staff participate in the sales and marketing training in the first 6 months of this agreement.

The Minimum                   Sell Through Commitment will increase in Years 2 and 3 of this                   Agreement as follows:

YEAR 3 - Annual minimum payment ($250,000), plus a percentage                   increase in the annual minimum payment equal to 50% of the                   difference between the number of emails sent by HSNS on behalf                   of Outsourcing Customers in Year 1 and Year 2, up to a maximum                   Year 3 payment of $500,000.00.

Reseller must have a minimum of two (2) of its pre-sales technical staff participate in the pre-sales technical training in the first 6 months of this agreement.

HSNS will pay to E.piphany a minimum sell through revenue commitment of $750,000.00 ("MINIMUM SELL-THROUGH COMMITMENT") during the initial three year term of this Agreement on the dates and in the minimum amounts ("Minimum Quarterly Payments") as follows.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement and Scope of Use and only within the Market and Territory, E.piphany grants HSNS a nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable right to (i) use and combine the Application with the Outsourcing Application and other software products for the purpose of providing, to Outsourcing Customers, the services described in Exhibit B as the Outsourcing Services; and (ii) use the Documentation provided with the Application in support of the Application.

The Application and any modifications are licensed pursuant to this Agreement to HSNS for use of the Application and any modifications thereto.

Except as expressly provided herein, HSNS shall not (i) rent, lease, loan, sell or otherwise distribute the Application, or any modification thereto, in whole or in part; (ii) cause or permit reverse engineering, reverse compilation, unauthorized access or assembly of all or any portion of the Application; (iii) allow any outsourcing or application service providers to access and use the Application as Outsourcing Customers, (iv) publish the results of Application performance benchmarks to any third party without E.piphany's express written consent; (v) export the Application in violation of U.S. Department of Commerce export administration regulations; and (vi) except as otherwise expressly allowed herein, permit any third party or unlicensed user or computer system to access or use the Application.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Scope of Use and only within the Market and Territory, E.piphany grants to HSNS a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license during the term of this Agreement to install and use the Applications in object code format to develop the Outsourcing Application and Outsourcing Service and to install and use the Application in object code format to develop and provide maintenance and support for the Outsourcing Application to Outsourcing Customers, to demonstrate the Outsourcing Application to potential customers, and to train HSNS personnel on the use, maintenance and support of the Outsourcing Application.

E.piphany grants HSNS a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use such Deliverables solely for is internal use consistent with the terms of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Scope of Use and only within the Market and Territory, E.piphany grants to HSNS a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license during the term of this Agreement to install and use the Applications in object code format to develop the Outsourcing Application and Outsourcing Service and to install and use the Application in object code format to develop and provide maintenance and support for the Outsourcing Application to Outsourcing Customers, to demonstrate the Outsourcing Application to potential customers, and to train HSNS personnel on the use, maintenance and support of the Outsourcing Application.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement and Scope of Use and only within the Market and Territory, E.piphany grants HSNS a nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable right to (i) use and combine the Application with the Outsourcing Application and other software products for the purpose of providing, to Outsourcing Customers, the services described in Exhibit B as the Outsourcing Services; and (ii) use the Documentation provided with the Application in support of the Application.

E.piphany grants HSNS a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use such Deliverables solely for is internal use consistent with the terms of this Agreement.

E.piphany allows for unlimited calls to its technical support desk by the HSNS personnel designated under Section 5.7 ("HSNS Responsibilities.")

Upon termination of this Agreement, other than by reason of a termination for material breach due to a breach by HSNS pursuant to Section 12.1 ("Term and Termination"), (i) HSNS shall have the right to access and use the Application solely to provide Outsourcing Services, but only to the extent necessary to provide Outsourcing Services through the remaining unexpired term of an applicable Agreement with the Outsourcing Customer (without renewal following the termination of this Agreement), but in any extent not beyond twelve (12) months from the effective date of termination.

HSNS shall maintain complete and accurate records of its activities under this Agreement for at least two (2) years following termination of this Agreement.

HSNS shall provide E.piphany with

At E.piphany's written request, not more frequently than annually, HSNS shall furnish E.piphany with a signed certification verifying that the Application is being used pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement and applicable Order Forms.

(ii) access to HSNS's facilities and office support as may be reasonably requested by E.piphany;

HSNS agrees to allow E.piphany, directly or indirectly, to audit HSNS's business records as kept by HSNS in its normal course of business to ensure compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR USE, INCURRED BY THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL E.PIPHANY'S LIABILITY HEREUNDER EXCEED THE SUM TOTAL OF PAYMENTS MADE BY HSNS UNDER THE INITIAL TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT.

THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 10.1 ("E.PIPHANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNITY") STATE THE ENTIRE LIABILITY AND OBLIGATION OF E.PIPHANY, AND THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF HSNS, WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTUAL OR ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT OF ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, TRADE SECRET, TRADEMARK OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT BY THE APPLICATION OR ANY PART THEREOF. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES.

In the event of termination by either party in accordance with any of the provisions of this Agreement, neither party shall be liable to the other, because of such termination, for compensation, reimbursement or damages on account of the loss of prospective profits or anticipated sales or on account of expenditures, inventory, investments, leases or commitments in connection with the business or goodwill of E.piphany or HSNS.

Except for actions for nonpayment of breach of E.piphany's proprietary rights in the Application, no action, regardless of form, arising out of this Agreement may be brought by either party more than two years after the cause of action has accrued.

For any breach of the warranties contained in Section 4.1, HSNS's sole and exclusive remedy, and E.piphany's entire liability, shall be: (i) in the case of a nonconforming Application, to correct the nonconforming Application, provided that HSNS notifies E.piphany of the nonconformity within the warranty period and HSNS has installed all Updates and, if E.piphany is unable to do so, HSNS shall be entitled to terminate the Application license and recover the fees paid to E.piphany for such Application; (ii) in the case of defective media, to replace such defective media, provided that HSNS returns such defective media during the warranty period; (iii) in the case of infringing Application, the indemnity contained in Section 10.1 ("E.piphany Intellectual Property Indemnify") and (iv) in the case of services to which the breach of warranty relate, the correction of defective work so as to comply with generally accepted industry standards.

E.piphany warrants that for a period of one (1) year from Effective Date, the Application as used within the scope of this Agreement will perform substantially in accordance with the functions described in the Documentation.

E.piphany further warrants that its Maintenance, training and Professional Services will be rendered consistent with generally accepted industry standards for a period of ninety (90) days from performance of such services.

E.piphany warrants the Application media is free from material defects in materials and workmanship under normal use for ninety (90) days from the applicable Order Form.

At no time during or after the term of this Agreement shall either party challenge or assist others to challenge the other party's Trademarks or the registration thereof or attempt to register any trademarks, marks or trade names confusingly similar to those of the other party.

Supply Agreement

MediWound

MediWound Ltd.

Challenge Bioproducts Corporation Ltd.

CBC

11 day of January, 2001

The date upon which MediWound shall have acknowledged in writing to CBC that the Conditions Precedent have all been met shall be the "Effective Date".

This Agreement is made under and subject to the provision of the substantive laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its conflict of law rules.

or sell Bromelain SP for utilization as an ingredient of any product which directly or indirectly competes with the Product.

MediWound's rights as per Section 3.1 will be exclusive in the sense that CBC shall not nor shall permit any Affiliate or third party to manufacture, use, supply

MediWound shall have an exclusive license under patents and other intellectual property, to develop, use, manufacture, market and sell the Product for burn treatment in humans;

MediWound may terminate this Agreement at any time, by 6 (six) months prior notice in writing.

CBC may terminate this Agreement by no less than 24 (twenty four) months notice given in writing by CBC to MediWound, or such greater period as may be reasonable for MediWound to establish an alternative source of manufacture of Bromelain SP and/or to acquire sufficient inventory of Bromelain SP for a 24 (twenty four) months period.

Subject to Section 12.2, neither party shall assign its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, except with the prior written consent of the other party, except to a party acquiring all of the business of the assigning party to which this Agreement relates.

MediWound undertakes to order at least [***]% of the Annual Forecast per each year.

CBC shall maintain, at all times, manufacture and supply capacity of at least [***]% of the Annual Forecast and shall maintain, in coordination with MediWound, inventory of Bromelain SP at its premises of (i) at least [***]% of the applicable Annual Forecast; and (ii) all Bromelain SP components and materials ("the BSP Components and Materials") needed for the manufacture and supply of the Bromelain SP such that CBC can guarantee continuous supply of the Bromelain SP in accordance with MediWound's complete Annual Forecasts.

Purchase orders issued by MediWound to CBC for quantities within the [***]% of the Annual Forecast shall be binding upon CBC and shall be deemed accepted upon delivery of the purchase order to CBC.

Purchase orders issued by MediWound to CBC during a certain year for quantities exceeding [***]% of the applicable Annual Forecast shall be binding upon CBC, except that with respect to any amounts exceeding [***]% of the applicable Annual Forecast, CBC's obligation to provide such exceeding quantities shall be based on best efforts and CBC shall have an extended lead time for delivery as shall be agreed upon by the parties on a case by case basi

For such purpose, and without derogating from other terms herein, CBC shall permit MediWound, and/or a consultant on MediWound's behalf, to access and inspect the CBC facility and advise MediWound and/or CBC on such actions to be taken for accomplishing such compliance.

EXCEPT FOR BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATION HEREUNDER, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF USE, DATA OR LOST PROFITS, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, IN TORT OR OTHERWISE.

EXCEPT FOR BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATION HEREUNDER, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF USE, DATA OR LOST PROFITS, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, IN TORT OR OTHERWISE.

MediWound shall have the right, for a period of [***] days following receipt, to reject any Bromelain SP sample which:   6.4.1 fails to comply with MediWound's purchase order; or   6.4.2 fails to comply with the sample incoming inspection Specifications.

Within the said [***] days, MediWound shall notify CBC of either: (i) its approval and acceptance of such batch sample ("Acceptance Sample Notice"); or (ii) its rejection of the batch sample in which case MediWound shall detail the reason(s) for the rejection of any such Bromelain SP sample

Upon request, CBC shall furnish MediWound certification of insurance (and/or true copies of policies) showing the above coverage, signed by an authorized agent of the insurance company, certifying that liability assumed under this Agreement is fully insured without exception, and providing for at least thirty (30) days prior written notice.

respect to the manufacturing of Bromelain SP, CBC undertakes, at its sole cost and expense, to take out and maintain an "All risk" insurance against loss of and destruction or damage to the Facility (including fire, theft and vandalism, etc.), third party liability insurance, product liability insurance for the Bromelain SP and employers liability insurance.

In order to provide insurance coverage for CBC responsibilities, obligations and undertakings as set out under this Agreement and/or as required under any law with

Without prejudice to the above, CBC shall maintain, or shall cause to be maintained with respect to itself and each of its Affiliates, such types and levels of insurance (including, without limitation, third party and product liability insurance), as are customary in the pharmaceutical or manufacturing industry to provide coverage for their activities contemplated hereby.

MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT

Upjohn Inc.

Manufacturer

Manufacturer and Customer may be referred to herein individually as a "Party" or collectively as the "Parties".

Pfizer Inc.

Customer

[]

[]

Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.

A Facility Addendum may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be

Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.

A Facility Addendum may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.

This Agreement and all Actions (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution or performance hereof or thereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Law of the State of Delaware, without regard to any Laws or principles thereof that would result in the application of the Laws of any other jurisdiction.

Following the Exclusivity Period (and during the Exclusivity Period, with respect to Product SKU quantities in excess of the Exclusive Purchase Requirement in accordance with the preceding sentence), nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Customer or any of its Affiliates from manufacturing Product for itself, or having Product manufactured by a Third Party, including in amounts in addition to the Purchase Orders for Product issued to Manufacturer in accordance with this Agreement.

In the event of a Triggering Event, Customer's Exclusive Purchase Requirement with respect to each and every Product that is the subject of the Triggering Event shall be temporarily suspended until such time as Manufacturer notifies Customer that Manufacturer is able to resume the manufacture and supply of the subject Product(s) on the terms and conditions of this Agreement (such period referred to as the "Exclusive Purchase Requirement Suspension Period"); provided that, (i) during such Exclusive Purchase Requirement Suspension Period, Customer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to limit its orders for the subject Product(s) to the quantities specified in the last Forecast that preceded the Triggering Event for the applicable period(s) and promptly notify Manufacturer in the event and to the extent that Customer's orders exceed such quantities specified in such Forecast and (ii) Customer shall be entitled to take delivery of Product(s) ordered during the Exclusive Purchase Requirement Suspension Period even if such delivery is scheduled for or actually occurs subsequent to the Exclusive Purchase Requirement Suspension Period.

During the Exclusivity Period, on a Product SKU-by-Product SKU and country-by-country basis within the applicable Territory, Customer shall purchase from Manufacturer, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at least the Exclusive Purchase Requirement of its requirements for such Product SKU in such country; provided, however, that In-Flight or Shared Volume Products shall be excluded from the exclusivity requirements set forth in this Section 2.1(e)(i).

"Exclusive Purchase Requirement" means, on a Product SKU-by-Product SKU and country-by country basis within the applicable Territory, (a) in the first two (2) years of the Initial Term, one hundred percent (100%) of Customer's total requirements for such Product SKU and (b) in the third (3rd) year of the Initial Term, fifty percent (50%) of Customer's total requirements for such Product SKU; provided, however, that (x) such quantities of Product reasonably procured by Customer to qualify a back-up supplier for such Product shall be excluded from the Exclusive Purchase Requirement, and (y) for the avoidance of doubt, Customer may commercialize such quantities of Product procured under (x) above without violating the applicable Exclusive Purchase Requirement or related provisions in Section 2.1(e).

For clarity and notwithstanding anything contained herein, nothing in this Section 2.1(e)(i) (A) is intended to be inconsistent with Section 2.4(e)(i) or to otherwise indicate that Customer is subject to any requirement to purchase Product under this Agreement or (B) is intended to prevent Customer from qualifying a back-up supplier for any Product during the Exclusivity Period

Following the Exclusivity Period (and during the Exclusivity Period, with respect to Product SKU quantities in excess of the Exclusive Purchase Requirement in accordance with the preceding sentence), nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Customer or any of its Affiliates from manufacturing Product for itself, or having Product manufactured by a Third Party, including in amounts in addition to the Purchase Orders for Product issued to Manufacturer in accordance with this

In the event of a Triggering Event, Customer's Exclusive Purchase Requirement with respect to each and every Product that is the subject of the Triggering Event shall be temporarily suspended until such time as Manufacturer notifies Customer that Manufacturer is able to resume the manufacture and supply of the subject Product(s) on the terms and conditions of this Agreement (such period referred to as the "Exclusive Purchase Requirement Suspension Period"); provided that, (i) during such Exclusive Purchase Requirement Suspension Period, Customer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to limit its orders for the subject Product(s) to the quantities specified in the last Forecast that preceded the Triggering Event for the applicable period(s) and promptly notify Manufacturer in the event and to the extent that Customer's orders exceed such quantities specified in such Forecast and (ii) Customer shall be entitled to take delivery of Product(s) ordered during the Exclusive Purchase Requirement Suspension Period even if such delivery is scheduled for or actually occurs subsequent to the Exclusive Purchase Requirement Suspension Period.

Manufacturer may terminate its obligation to provide any Technical Support with respect to the applicable Product under this Agreement if Customer or any of its Affiliates hires any Manufacturer Personnel involved in providing Technical Support to Customer hereunder (without limiting any applicable non-solicitation obligations of Customer pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement).

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither Party may assign this Agreement in whole or in part to a Restricted Party.

In the event that Manufacturer or any of its Affiliates, directly or indirectly, sells, assigns, leases, conveys, transfers or otherwise disposes of any Facility (a "Facility Disposition"), then Manufacturer shall immediately notify Customer of such event and Customer shall be entitled for a period of six (6) months after the receipt of such notice to terminate any Facility Addendum with respect to such Facility for cause immediately upon written notice to Manufacturer and, in the event Customer decides not to terminate the Facility Addendum for cause, Customer shall be entitled for a period of two (2) years (or such longer period in order to obtain approval for manufacture from all applicable Governmental Authorities) after

Customer may, without Manufacturer's consent, assign the rights and obligations of this Agreement (i) on a Product-by-Product basis, to a Third Party in connection with a bona fide transfer, sale or divestiture of all or substantially all of its business to which such Product relates or in the event of such business's spin-off, merger or consolidation with another company or business entity or (ii) to any Third Party which acquires or succeeds to all or substantially all of the assets of the business of Customer to which this Agreement and the Facility Addenda relate (including in connection with such business's spin-off, merger or consolidation with another company or business entity).

receipt of such notice to receive Technical Support at Manufacturer's sole cost to enable Customer to orderly transfer production of affected Product or Products to a Customer facility or an alternative facility as designated by Customer; provided that Manufacturer shall notify Customer of any proposed or planned Facility Disposition by Manufacturer or any of its Affiliates as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than the date that is three (3) months prior to the effective date of such Facility Disposition.

Any attempted assignment that contravenes the terms of this Agreement shall be void ab initio and of no force or effect.

Subject to Section 7.4, Manufacturer may, without Customer's consent, assign the rights and obligations of this Agreement (i) on a Facility-by-Facility basis, to a Third Party in connection with a bona fide transfer, sale or divestiture of such Facility or (ii) to any Third Party which acquires or succeeds to all or substantially all of the assets of the business of Manufacturer to which this Agreement and the Facility Addendum relates (including in connection with such business's spin-off, merger or consolidation with another company or business entity).

Except as otherwise provided in this Section 17.5, neither Party shall assign this Agreement or any rights, benefits or obligations under or relating to this Agreement, in each case whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the other Party's prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

If such Standard Cost methodology change results in an increase of Facility Conversion Cost for Products manufactured for Customer of more than two percent (2%), then Manufacturer shall revert to the former methodology for purposes of the calculation of Price during such Fiscal Year.

In the event that Price is adjusted as a result of a change to Facility Conversion Cost under Section 3.2(b)(i), the Facility Conversion Cost Threshold for all remaining Fiscal Years in the Initial Term (or Extension Periods as appropriate) will be reduced such that if Facility Conversion Costs of a Facility during any Facility Conversion Cost Adjustment Fiscal Year are estimated to be (a) less -28-

Source: UPJOHN INC, 10-12G, 1/21/2020





than eighty percent (80%) of the Facility Conversion Costs for the Facility Conversion Cost Baseline Fiscal Year or (b) greater than one hundred and twenty percent (120%) of the Facility Conversion Costs for the Facility Conversion Cost Baseline Fiscal Year, then the Price for such Product will be updated beginning with such Facility Conversion Cost Adjustment Fiscal Year to reflect the full estimated amount of the increase or decrease in Conversion Cost

Following the Initial Price Term, the Price of such Product may be adjusted only as set forth in Section 3.1(b) and Section 3.2.

In the event that Customer elects to extend the Initial Term of the Agreement or of a Facility Addendum, the Price for each applicable Product in any Extension Period shall be one hundred percent (100%) of Manufacturer's Standard Product Materials Cost plus one hundred and ten percent (110%) of Manufacturer's Standard Conversion Cost of such Product, each for the initial Fiscal Year of the first Extension Period with respect to such Product.

Subject to the remainder of this Section 3.2(b), on a Facility-by-Facility basis, if the Facility Conversion Costs of a Facility during any Fiscal Year following the first full Fiscal Year of the Term of the applicable Facility Addendum (such Fiscal Year, a "Facility Conversion Cost Adjustment Fiscal Year") are estimated to be (a) less than seventy-five percent (75%) of the Facility Conversion Costs for the Facility Conversion Cost Baseline Fiscal Year (as defined below) or (b) greater than one hundred and twenty-five percent (125%) of the Facility Conversion Costs for the Facility Conversion Cost Baseline Fiscal Year (clauses (a) and (b) referred to collectively as the "Facility Conversion Cost Threshold"), when adjusted to reflect a constant volume between the Facility Conversion Cost Adjustment Fiscal Year and the Facility Conversion Cost Baseline Fiscal Year, then the Price for such Product will be updated beginning with such Facility Conversion Cost Adjustment Fiscal Year to reflect one hundred and ten percent (110%) of the increase or decrease in Facility Conversion Costs.

Customer may not change the price of Buy-Sell

materials during any Fiscal Year.

Notwithstanding Section 2.4(e)(i), Customer acknowledges and agrees that (A) each Purchase Order Customer places hereunder for Product that is either API or Bulk Drug Product shall be equal to, or a whole multiple of, the Batch Size for such applicable Product as set forth in the applicable Facility Addendum and (B) each Purchase Order that Customer places hereunder for Product that is Finished Product shall be equal to or greater than the Minimum Order Quantity for such applicable Product as set forth in the applicable Facility Addendum; provided that, where Customer places Purchase Orders under (B) above that exceed the applicable Minimum Order Quantity, Customer shall

Customer shall be required to order

place such Purchase Orders for such excess quantities in Increments above the Minimum Order Quantity as specified in the applicable Facility Addendum.

pursuant to a Purchase Order at least the amount of Product set forth in the Firm Order for such Product in the applicable calendar month.

During the Exclusivity Period, on a Product SKU-by-Product SKU and country-by-country basis within the applicable Territory, Customer shall purchase from Manufacturer, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at least the Exclusive Purchase Requirement of its requirements for such Product SKU in such country; provided, however, that In-Flight or Shared Volume Products shall be excluded from the exclusivity requirements set forth in this Section 2.1(e)(i).

Nothing in this Agreement shall require Manufacturer to provide more than 75 hours per calendar year per Product in connection with any Technical Support.

Customer acknowledges and agrees that, as between the Parties, all Improvements and Developments made by or on behalf of Manufacturer in the conduct of activities under this Agreement or a Facility Addendum other than Customer-Owned Improvements and Developments (such Improvements and Developments, collectively, "Manufacturer-Owned Improvements and Developments") shall be the exclusive property of Manufacturer, and Manufacturer shall own all rights, title and interest in and to such Manufacturer- Owned Improvements and Developments.

Manufacturer acknowledges and agrees that, as between the Parties, any Improvements or Developments that are specific to and otherwise solely relate to, the manufacturing, processing or packaging of Products (such Improvements and Developments, collectively, "Customer-Owned Improvements and Developments") shall be the exclusive property of Customer, and Customer shall own all rights, title and interest in and to such Customer-Owned Improvements and Developments.

Customer agrees to and hereby does irrevocably transfer, assign and convey, and shall cause its Personnel to irrevocably transfer, assign and convey, all rights, title and interest in and to each of the Manufacturer-Owned Improvements and Developments to Manufacturer free and clear of any encumbrances, and Customer agrees to execute, and shall cause its Personnel and subcontractors to execute, all documents necessary to do so. All such assignments shall include existing or prospective Intellectual Property rights therein in any country.

Manufacturer agrees to and hereby does irrevocably transfer, assign and convey, and shall cause its Personnel to irrevocably transfer, assign and convey, all rights, title and interest in and to each of the Customer-Owned Improvements and Developments to Customer free and clear of any encumbrances, and Manufacturer agrees to execute, and shall cause its subcontractors and Personnel to execute, all documents necessary to do so.

Customer hereby grants to Manufacturer a non-exclusive license during the Term to use any Customer Property and Customer-Owned Improvements and Developments solely in connection with Manufacturer performing its obligations under this Agreement or the Facility Addendum in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, as applicable.

"Customer Property" means all Intellectual Property, together with all materials, data, writings and other property in any form whatsoever, which is (a) owned or controlled by Customer or its Affiliates as of and following the Effective Date and (b) provided to Manufacturer by or on behalf of Customer or its Personnel under this Agreement.

Customer hereby grants to Manufacturer a non-exclusive license during the Term to use any Customer Property and Customer-Owned Improvements and Developments solely in connection with Manufacturer performing its obligations under this Agreement or the Facility Addendum in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, as applicable

In the event that Manufacturer or any of its Affiliates, directly or indirectly, sells, assigns, leases, conveys, transfers or otherwise disposes of any Facility (a "Facility Disposition"), then Manufacturer shall immediately notify Customer of such event and Customer shall be entitled for a period of six (6) months after the receipt of such notice to terminate any Facility Addendum with respect to such Facility for cause immediately upon written notice to Manufacturer and, in the event Customer decides not to terminate the Facility Addendum for cause, Customer shall be entitled for a period of two (2) years (or such longer period in order to obtain approval for manufacture from all applicable Governmental Authorities) after

Upon termination of this Agreement by Customer in whole or in part or upon the termination of any Facility Addendum, in each case, pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6, and on a terminated-Product-by-terminated-Product basis, at Customer's option and pursuant to Customer's instructions, Manufacturer shall provide Customer with sufficient inventory of such terminated Product to ensure business continuity according to then-current terms and pricing (subject to Section 3) until the earlier of: (i) Customer's identification of, and securing of Regulatory Approval for, another supplier of such terminated Product or (ii) unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Facility Addendum as the "Inventory Tail Period" for such Product, a time period that reflects Customer's reasonable needs of such Product as mutually agreed upon by the Parties in good faith.

The Parties shall reasonably cooperate and mutually agree to facilitate the provision of any additional reasonable Technical Support with respect to the applicable Product or Products to Customer, including assistance through the transfer process, Manufacturer Personnel visits to the Receiving Site and training and troubleshooting during the Receiving Site's first production run of the applicable Product or Products, in each case, as and to the extent reasonably agreed by Manufacturer in each instance (and subject to Sections 2.10(d), 2.10(e) and 2.10(f)).

receipt of such notice to receive Technical Support at Manufacturer's sole cost to enable Customer to orderly transfer production of affected Product or Products to a Customer facility or an alternative facility as designated by Customer; provided that Manufacturer shall notify Customer of any proposed or planned Facility Disposition by Manufacturer or any of its Affiliates as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than the date that is three (3) months prior to the effective date of such Facility Disposition.

termination.

Any Product quarantined at the time of expiration or termination of this Agreement shall be disposed of or destroyed by Manufacturer in accordance with Customer's instructions and at Customer's cost; provided that, to the extent (i) such quarantine is the result of Manufacturer's gross negligence, fraud, willful misconduct or breach of this Agreement or (ii) this Agreement is terminated in whole or in part with respect to such Product (including the termination of the applicable Facility Addendum) by Customer in accordance with Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6, then Manufacturer shall be responsible for all costs incurred by Manufacturer in connection with disposing and destroying such quarantined Product.

In the event of the expiration of this Agreement or termination of this Agreement in whole or in part (including the termination of any Facility Addendum) by Customer in accordance with Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6, Customer may, at its option within ninety (90) days immediately following the effective date of the expiration or termination of this Agreement, purchase any work in process and/or Product Materials that Manufacturer has purchased exclusively for Customer in accordance with this Agreement for the production of any terminated Product.

In the event of the termination of this Agreement by Customer in accordance with Section 7.7 or the termination of this Agreement by Manufacturer in accordance with Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6, Customer shall purchase at cost all Product Materials purchased in accordance with Customer's Purchase Orders and on reasonable reliance upon Customer's Forecast; provided that Manufacturer uses its reasonable commercial efforts to exhaust existing stocks of such Product Materials prior to the date of

Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement in whole or in part or any Facility Addendum, if requested by Customer within ninety (90) days immediately following the effective date of such expiration or termination of this Agreement and pursuant to Customer's reasonable request and instructions, Manufacturer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, as applicable, make assignments or partial assignments of such material contracts, licenses, permits, and other material documents, as applicable, in each case subject to any restrictions on assignment, or as may otherwise be set forth in any Contract relating thereto.

foregoing sentence, Customer may more frequently conduct "for cause" physical inspections or audits of a Facility with five (5) days' advance written notice to Manufacturer if Customer has reasonable cause to believe that an inspection or audit of such Facility is warranted because Manufacturer's activities with respect to such Facility are in breach of this Agreement, applicable Laws, the Quality Agreement or the applicable Facility Addendum.

Any Records or information accessed or otherwise obtained by Customer or its representatives in connection with any audit (including any audit pursuant to Section 3.4) shall be deemed Manufacturer's confidential and proprietary Information and each representative of Customer will be subject to non-use and other confidentiality obligations substantially comparable to those set forth herein for Customer.

Any such inspection or audit shall include access to relevant Records (subject to the terms of Section 15.2) and Personnel and being present during, as applicable, start-up manufacturing operations, validation, cleaning, sampling, laboratory testing, warehouse receiving and storage, pack out and shipping.

Customer shall be entitled to review, upon reasonable prior written notice, all manufacturing Records relating to such samples, including all analytical procedures and cleaning validation relating to the equipment used in connection with the manufacture of the samples

Any Records or information accessed or otherwise obtained by Customer or its representatives during any such inspection or audit or any visit at any Facility shall be deemed Manufacturer's confidential and proprietary Information and each representative of Customer will be subject to non-use and other confidentiality obligations substantially comparable to those set forth herein for Customer.

Customer or its representatives, including its external auditors, may audit such Records of Manufacturer, including all Records related to Manufacturer's compliance with applicable Laws, at any time during the Term of this Agreement or applicable Facility Addendum or the Record Retention Period, during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance written notice to Manufacturer (but in no event more than one (1) time per year except "for cause").

In addition, Customer may audit Manufacturer's Records and Facilities for the purpose of verifying that Manufacturer's procedures are in accordance with the C-TPAT security criteria, and Manufacturer shall provide Customer with access to Manufacturer's Records and Facilities reasonably necessary for the purpose of conducting such audit.

Manufacturer shall permit Customer (at Customer's expense) to conduct reasonable annual reviews of the environmental and health and safety practices and performance of the Facilities with respect to the Products where Manufacturer's performance under this Agreement is occurring; provided that such review shall not include any invasive sampling at such Facilities and shall not unreasonably interfere with Manufacturer's operation of such Facilities.

Manufacturer shall make such Records readily available for such audit.

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Customer may conduct, at its own expense, periodic quality audits, to ensure Manufacturer's compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

Manufacturer shall obtain the right for Customer to audit, at Customer's expense, any such Third-Party warehouse upon reasonable prior advance written notice and during normal business hours

Notwithstanding the limits set forth in the

Customer may exercise its inspection rights under this Section 5.3(d) upon receipt of any information that would suggest to a reasonable Person that Manufacturer is not fulfilling its obligations under this Section 5.3.

Manufacturer will provide Customer with periodic access, upon reasonable notice, to any of its Facilities where it is performing under this Agreement, to its employees and Records and to any associated dormitories or lodging that Manufacturer provides to its employees, to permit Customer to determine Manufacturer's compliance with this Section 5.3.

In connection with such reviews, Manufacturer shall reasonably assist in the completion of an environmental health and safety survey of Manufacturer or the scheduling of an environmental health and safety audit of the Facility, as applicable, in each case with respect to the Products.

Subject to the remainder of this Section 4.12, no more than once per calendar year, upon thirty (30) days' advance written notice to Manufacturer, Customer may physically inspect or audit (consistent with Section 15.2) the Facilities under this Section 4.12; provided that Customer will use good faith efforts to choose dates of inspection or audit that do not unreasonably interfere with the operation of Manufacturer's business; provided, further, that Customer shall consider in good faith any alternative dates of inspection or audit proposed by Manufacturer within five (5) days of Manufacturer's receipt of such notice (it being understood that nothing in this Section 4.12 shall require Customer to accept any such proposed alternative dates of inspection or audit)

Except in the event of (i) Third Party Claims subject to a Party's indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 10.1, (ii) Third Party Claims subject to a Party's indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 10.2, (iii) the gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of a Party or its Personnel, (iv) a Party's willful breach of this Agreement, (v) a breach of Section 13 or (vi) customer liabilities pursuant to, and subject to the limitations set forth in, Section 2.5(e), neither Party's aggregate liability to the other Party (or its Personnel that are indemnitees under Section 10.1 or Section 10.2, as applicable) under this Agreement for the initial twelve (12) month period immediately following the Effective Date, and for any twelve (12) month period thereafter during the Term, shall exceed, on a cumulative basis, the amount that is one and one half (112) times the aggregate amounts paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement in the preceding twelve (12) month period preceding the loss date by Customer to Manufacturer but solely with respect to the supply hereunder of Product (or Products) for which such corresponding liability arose (the "Affected Products") and not any other Products (or if, as of the time the liability arises, this Agreement has not been in effect for twelve (12) months, then the amounts paid or payable by Customer to Manufacturer hereunder during the period from the Effective Date until such time the liability arises, shall be annualized to a full twelve (12) months but solely with respect to the supply hereunder of the Affected Product(s) and not any other Products).

NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF (I) A BREACH OF SECTION 13 OF THIS AGREEMENT, (II) CUSTOMER LIABILITIES PURSUANT TO, AND SUBJECT TO THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN, SECTION 2.5(E), (III) A PARTY'S OR ITS PERSONNEL'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, FRAUD OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, (IV) A PARTY'S WILLFUL BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR (V) A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATION WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY CLAIMS UNDER SECTION 10.1 OR SECTION 10.2, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY INDEMNIFIED PARTY HEREUNDER FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFITS, DIMINUTION IN VALUE, DAMAGES BASED ON MULTIPLE OF REVENUE OR EARNINGS OR OTHER PERFORMANCE METRIC, LOSS OF BUSINESS REPUTATION, PUNITIVE AND EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR ANY SIMILAR DAMAGES ARISING OR RESULTING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER SUCH ACTION IS BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY) OR OTHERWISE.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Manufacturer shall not be liable for Losses described in Section 10.1(a) to the extent such Losses are: (i) caused by the gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of a Customer Indemnified Party in connection with the performance or non-performance of this Agreement; (ii) caused by the breach of any of the terms of this Agreement or a Facility Addendum by a Customer Indemnified Party, including in connection with the performance or non-performance of this Agreement or (iii) subject to Customer's indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 10.2.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall not be liable for Losses described in Section 10.2(a) to the extent such Losses are: (i) caused by the gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of a Manufacturer Indemnified Party in connection with the performance or non-performance of this Agreement; (ii) caused by the breach of any of the terms of this Agreement or any Facility Addendum by a Manufacturer Indemnified Party or (iii) are subject to Manufacturer's indemnification obligation pursuant to Section 10.1.

Notwithstanding the foregoing clauses (i) through (v) of this Section 5.2(e) or anything else contained in this Agreement or any Facility Addendum or Quality Agreement, Manufacturer shall have no liability under this Agreement (including under Section 4.11(b) or Section 10.1) or any Facility Addendum or Quality Agreement for any Non-Complying Product which is non-complying due to any Non-Complying Customer-Supplied Materials or Non-Complying Buy-Sell Materials.

Furthermore, Customer shall not be liable for Losses pursuant to Section 10.2(a)(iii) above to the extent such infringement or misappropriation is caused by Manufacturer's unauthorized use or unauthorized modification of any Customer Property, Customer- Owned Improvements and Developments, Buy-Sell Materials or Customer-Supplied Materials.

In the event of a Triggering Event, Manufacturer shall be liable for any actual amounts that Customer is contractually required to pay to any Third-Party customer of Customer that result from Customer's inability to supply the affected Product to such Third-Party customer as a direct result of such Triggering Event; provided that (1) Customer shall provide to Manufacturer appropriate evidence of such amounts (including invoices from the applicable customers) and the applicable contractual requirements (redacted, in each case, of information pertaining to pricing and other commercial terms that are not directly related to the claimed amounts), it being understood and agreed that, upon request, Manufacturer will enter into customary confidentiality arrangements prior to such information being shared and (2) Manufacturer shall not be liable for any such amounts in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year in excess of the aggregate Conversion Cost Markup during such Fiscal Year with respect to all Products manufactured at the Facility that is the subject of the applicable Triggering Event. "Conversion Cost Markup" means, for a Product for any Fiscal Year, ten percent (10%) of the product of (A) Manufacturer's Standard Conversion Cost for such Product for such Fiscal Year and (B) the quantity of such Product ordered by Customer for delivery during such Fiscal Year.

Except in the event of (i) Third Party Claims subject to a Party's indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 10.1, (ii) Third Party Claims subject to a Party's indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 10.2, (iii) the gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of a Party or its Personnel, (iv) a Party's willful breach of this Agreement, (v) a breach of Section 13 or (vi) customer liabilities pursuant to, and subject to the limitations set forth in, Section 2.5(e), neither Party's aggregate liability to the other Party (or its Personnel that are indemnitees under Section 10.1 or Section 10.2, as applicable) under this Agreement for the initial twelve (12) month period immediately following the Effective Date, and for any twelve (12) month period thereafter during the Term, shall exceed, on a cumulative basis, the amount that is one and one half (112) times the aggregate amounts paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement in the preceding twelve (12) month period preceding the loss date by Customer to Manufacturer but solely with respect to the supply hereunder of Product (or Products) for which such corresponding liability arose (the "Affected Products") and not any other Products (or if, as of the time the liability arises, this Agreement has not been in effect for twelve (12) months, then the amounts paid or payable by Customer to Manufacturer hereunder during the period from the Effective Date until such time the liability arises, shall be annualized to a full twelve (12) months but solely with respect to the supply hereunder of the Affected Product(s) and not any other Products).

Where a Party or any member of its Group is required by this Agreement to reimburse or indemnify the other Party or any member of its Group for any cost or expense, the reimbursing or indemnifying Party (or the applicable member of its Group) shall reimburse or indemnify the other Party (or the applicable member of its Group) for the full amount of the cost or expense, inclusive of any amounts in respect of VAT imposed on that amount to the extent properly reflected on a valid invoice, except to the extent that the reimbursed or indemnified Party reasonably determines that it (or such member of its Group), or a member of the same group as it (or such member of its Group) for VAT purposes, is entitled to credit for or repayment of that VAT from any relevant taxing authority.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF (I) A BREACH OF SECTION 13 OF THIS AGREEMENT, (II) CUSTOMER LIABILITIES PURSUANT TO, AND SUBJECT TO THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN, SECTION 2.5(E), (III) A PARTY'S OR ITS PERSONNEL'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, FRAUD OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, (IV) A PARTY'S WILLFUL BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR (V) A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATION WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY CLAIMS UNDER SECTION 10.1 OR SECTION 10.2, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY INDEMNIFIED PARTY HEREUNDER FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFITS, DIMINUTION IN VALUE, DAMAGES BASED ON MULTIPLE OF REVENUE OR EARNINGS OR OTHER PERFORMANCE METRIC, LOSS OF BUSINESS REPUTATION, PUNITIVE AND EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR ANY SIMILAR DAMAGES ARISING OR RESULTING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER SUCH ACTION IS BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY) OR OTHERWISE.

Manufacturer may reject any Non-Complying Product by (i) providing Customer with no less than sixty (60) days' prior written notice of Manufacturer's intention to reject such Non-Complying Product along with the documentation set forth in Section 4.7, (ii) meeting with Customer at Customer's request to discuss the basis for the proposed rejection of the subject Non-Complying Product, and (iii) providing Customer with notice of rejection in the event that Manufacturer rejects the subject Non- Complying Product at the end of such sixty (60) day period (or such other time frame as the parties may agree upon).

Customer may reject any Non-Complying Product or Product that is not delivered to Customer in accordance with this Agreement by providing written notice of such rejection to Manufacturer within seventy-five (75) days following Customer's receipt of any Delivery of Product hereunder; provided, however, that Customer may, until the expiry date for a Product, provide notice of rejection of any Delivery of such Product having (i) latent defects, (ii) any defects that are not reasonably discoverable by Customer through standard inspection and testing of Products or (iii) defects caused by the breach by Manufacturer of any of its representations or warranties under this Agreement (collectively, "Latent Defects"); provided, further, that, and notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall notify Manufacturer within sixty (60) days after Customer first becomes aware of any such Latent Defect.

Manufacturer shall have the right to provide the total limits required by any combination of self-insurance, primary and umbrella/excess coverage; said insurance to include the following: (a) Insurance for liability under the workers' compensation or occupational disease Laws of any state of the United States (or be a qualified self-insurer in those states of the United States) or otherwise applicable with respect to Persons performing the services and employer's liability insurance covering all claims by or in respect to the employees of Manufacturer, providing: (i) Coverage for the statutory limits of all claims under the applicable State Workers' Compensation Act or Acts. If a Facility Addendum will result in exposures under the U.S. Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act and its amendments (work dockside or on water), the Jones Act (involving seamen, masters and crew of vessels) or the Federal Employers' Liability Act (railroad exposure), coverage shall be extended to include insurance coverages mandated thereby; (ii) Employer's liability insurance with a limit of not less than $1,000,000; (iii) Manufacturer warrants that all of its employees involved in this Agreement are covered by statutory workers' compensation; and -65-

Source: UPJOHN INC, 10-12G, 1/21/2020





(iv) Where allowed by Applicable Law, Customer and its Affiliates shall be provided a waiver of subrogation, except for losses due to the sole negligence of Manufacturer.

To the extent of the liabilities assumed by Manufacturer under this Agreement, such insurance policies of Manufacturer shall be primary and non-contributing with respect to any other similar insurance policies available to Customer or its Affiliates.

Any and all deductibles or retentions for such insurance policies shall be assumed by, for the account of, and at Manufacturer's sole risk.

Automobile and Truck Liability Insurance: $2,000,000 combined single limit for bodily injury and property damage arising out of all owned, non- owned and hired vehicles, including coverage for all automotive and truck equipment used in the performance of this Agreement and including the loading and unloading of same.

Manufacturer shall furnish to Customer certificates of insurance (electronic is acceptable), evidencing the required insurance coverage, upon execution of this Agreement and annually, thereafter.

During the Term, Manufacturer shall self-insure or shall provide and maintain such insurance coverage, in minimum types and amounts as described below in this Section 11.

Umbrella (excess) liability coverage in an amount not less than $3,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate.

All insurance carriers shall have a minimum of "A-" A.M. Best rating.

The insurance required under this Section 11 shall be written for not less than any limits of liability specified herein or as required by applicable Law, whichever is greater.

Commercial general liability insurance with the following limits and forms/endorsements:

Each Occurrence: $2,000,000 (i) Occurrence form including premises and operations coverage, property damage, liability, personal injury coverage, products and completed operations coverage, and transit. (ii) To the extent of Manufacturer's indemnification obligations, Customer and its Affiliates shall be additional insureds via ISO form CG20101185 or its equivalent.

Manufacturing Agreement

AMAG

Antares Pharma, Inc.

Antares

AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Antares and AMAG are sometimes referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

20th day of March, 2018

20th day of March, 2018

Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Starting on the Effective Date, Antares or its Subcontractor shall provide the Manufacturing Services in order to manufacture Devices, Products, sample Products and Trainers exclusively for AMAG for the Territory, all in accordance with the Specifications, Applicable Laws, Quality Agreement and this Agreement.

For the avoidance of doubt, subject to, and without limiting or amending the exclusivity restrictions and confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 6.1 and ARTICLE 17 of the Development and License Agreement, respectively, Antares or its Subcontractor may manufacture the VIBEX QS device or other devices (other than the Device) for itself or other Persons.

Except as otherwise provided in this Section 12.2, neither this Agreement nor any interest hereunder shall be assignable by any Party without the prior written consent of the other (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided, however, that either Party may assign this Agreement to any wholly-owned subsidiary or to any successor by merger or sale of substantially all of its business unit to which this Agreement relates.

Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee.

The quantity of Products, sample Products or Trainers (as the case may be) ordered by AMAG from Antares in each shipment (as set forth in a Purchase Order) must be equal to or greater than [***] units for each type of Product, sample Product and Trainers ordered. Such minimum order quantity may be updated from time to time by a mutual written agreement of the Parties.

[***] of each Forecast shall constitute a firm order and be a binding commitment on AMAG to purchase the volume of Product, sample Product and Trainers set forth therein (the "Binding Forecast").

The Parties rights and obligations with respect to quality assurance audits are set forth in the Quality Agreement.

The Parties acknowledge and agree that title to and risk of loss of all Prefilled Syringes shall at all times belong to and remain in AMAG; provided that, subject to the limitations on liability set forth in this Section 2.2(b), in the event of loss or damage of any Prefilled Syringes while they are at the Manufacturing Site, Antares shall be only responsible for the replacement costs (as evidenced by AMAG invoices) of such Prefilled Syringes if the damage, loss, theft or destruction was caused by the negligent act or omission or the willful misconduct of Antares or its Subcontractor.

If requested each Party will provide the other with a current and valid certificate of insurance evidencing the above and showing the name of the issuing company, the policy number, the effective date, the expiration date and the limits of liability.

Each Party shall obtain and maintain commercial general liability insurance, including product liability insurance covering the obligations of that Party under this Agreement through the Term and for a period of [***] thereafter, which insurance shall afford limits of not less than (i) $[***] for each occurrence; and (ii) $[***] in the aggregate per annum. Such insurance may be provided in more than one separate insurance policy and/or on claims made or claims made and reported forms as is common in the insurance marketplace for similar risks.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AGREEMENT

Synchron

Investor

Rare Element Resources Ltd.

Company

October 2, 2017

"Effective Date" has the meaning of the "Closing Date" set forth in the Investment Agreement.

Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.

This IP Agreement will be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the state of New York and of the United States of America.

Prior to the earlier of Investor exercising the Option and the expiration of the Option Period, Company will not grant to any Third Party any rights to the Patents or to the Technical Information that extend beyond the expiration of the Option Period.

If the Option is exercised before the expiration of the Option Period, the license grants set forth in Articles 3.00 and 3.01 will become exclusive to Investor for a perpetual term, shall not be subject to a licensing fee, the granted licenses in favor of the Investor shall be deemed fully paid-up, and the rights granted to Investor under Articles 3.00 and 3.01 shall include the right to grant sublicenses to Third Parties.

Prior to the earlier of Investor exercising the Option and the expiration of the Option Period, Company will not grant to any Third Party any rights to the Patents or to the Technical Information that extend beyond the expiration of the Option Period.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Company elects to abandon any patent application, to not pay maintenance fees or annuities to keep a patent in force, or to otherwise take or fail to take any action that will result in a loss of patent rights, Company shall give Investor at least sixty (60) days prior written notice and an opportunity to take over the prosecution of the patent application that would be abandoned and/or pay the fees necessary to keep the patent in force and/or take any other action necessary to avoid the loss of patent rights.

Investor will not assign to any Third Party any rights under this IP Agreement not specifically transferable by its terms without the prior written consent of Company, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

Any assignment or agreement or other transaction by Company that fails to be in complete compliance with this Article 3.07 or any other provision of this IP Agreement shall be null and void.

Investor shall own all right, title and interest in any Improvement made jointly by Company and Investor ("Joint Improvements") during the term of this IP Agreement, and Company agrees to and hereby does assign to Investor any right, title and interest it may otherwise have in any Joint Improvement.

Investor hereby agrees to grant to Company a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license under any Joint Improvement and any patent claiming such Joint Improvement solely for use in rare earth mineral processing and rare earth separation.

The licenses granted in Articles 3.01 to 3.04 of this IP Agreement are subject to a reserved non-exclusive license in the Company to practice the methods described and claimed in the Patents and to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import rare earth products made using such methods, and to use the Technical Information to practice the methods described and claimed in the Patents for such purposes. Such reserved non-exclusive license shall be solely for use by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not be transferable to any Third Party, except in connection with a merger, consolidation, or the sale or transfer of substantially all of the Company's assets associated with the performance of this IP Agreement.

Company grants to Investor, for the duration of the Option Period, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable license (with the right to grant sublicenses to Affiliates) under the Patents to practice the methods therein described and claimed and to make and have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import products made using such methods, and to make Improvements, and to engage in any activity which would give rise to a claim of infringement (direct or indirect or otherwise) of one or more of the Patents in the absence of a license.

Investor hereby agrees to grant to Company a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license under any Investor Improvement and any patent claiming such Investor Improvement, solely for use in rare earth mineral processing and rare earth separation, to make and have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import products made using the Investor Improvements.

If the Option is exercised before the expiration of the Option Period, the license grants set forth in Articles 3.00 and 3.01 will become exclusive to Investor for a perpetual term, shall not be subject to a licensing fee, the granted licenses in favor of the Investor shall be deemed fully paid-up, and the rights granted to Investor under Articles 3.00 and 3.01 shall include the right to grant sublicenses to Third Parties.

Company further grants to Investor, during the duration of the Option Period, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable license (with the right to grant sublicenses to Affiliates) to use the Technical Information to practice the methods described and claimed in the Patents and to make and have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import products made using the methods, and to make Improvements, and to engage in any activity which would give rise to a claim of infringement (direct or indirect or otherwise) of one or more of the Patents in the absence of a license.

The non- exclusive rights granted to Investor under this Article 3.02 do not include the right to grant sublicenses to Third Parties.

Such rights to Joint Improvements shall be solely for use by the Company and shall not be transferable to any Third Party except in connection with a merger, consolidation, or the sale or transfer of substantially all of Company's assets associated with performance under this IP Agreement.

Such rights to Investor Improvements shall be solely for use by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not be transferable to any Third Party, except in connection with a merger, consolidation, or the sale or transfer of substantially all of Company's assets associated with performance under this IP Agreement.

Such reserved non-exclusive license shall be solely for use by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not be transferable to any Third Party, except in connection with a merger, consolidation, or the sale or transfer of substantially all of the Company's assets associated with the performance of this IP Agreement.

Company grants to Investor, for the duration of the Option Period, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable license (with the right to grant sublicenses to Affiliates) under the Patents to practice the methods therein described and claimed and to make and have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import products made using such methods, and to make Improvements, and to engage in any activity which would give rise to a claim of infringement (direct or indirect or otherwise) of one or more of the Patents in the absence of a license.

Such rights to Investor Improvements shall be solely for use by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not be transferable to any Third Party, except in connection with a merger, consolidation, or the sale or transfer of substantially all of Company's assets associated with performance under this IP Agreement.

Investor hereby agrees to grant to Company a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license under any Joint Improvement and any patent claiming such Joint Improvement solely for use in rare earth mineral processing and rare earth separation.

Company grants to Investor, for the duration of the Option Period, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable license (with the right to grant sublicenses to Affiliates) under the Patents to practice the methods therein described and claimed and to make and have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import products made using such methods, and to make Improvements, and to engage in any activity which would give rise to a claim of infringement (direct or indirect or otherwise) of one or more of the Patents in the absence of a license.

Investor hereby agrees to grant to Company a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license under any Investor Improvement and any patent claiming such Investor Improvement, solely for use in rare earth mineral processing and rare earth separation, to make and have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import products made using the Investor Improvements.

If the Option is exercised before the expiration of the Option Period, the license grants set forth in Articles 3.00 and 3.01 will become exclusive to Investor for a perpetual term, shall not be subject to a licensing fee, the granted licenses in favor of the Investor shall be deemed fully paid-up, and the rights granted to Investor under Articles 3.00 and 3.01 shall include the right to grant sublicenses to Third Parties.

Company further grants to Investor, during the duration of the Option Period, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable license (with the right to grant sublicenses to Affiliates) to use the Technical Information to practice the methods described and claimed in the Patents and to make and have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import products made using the methods, and to make Improvements, and to engage in any activity which would give rise to a claim of infringement (direct or indirect or otherwise) of one or more of the Patents in the absence of a license.

Amended and Restated Unconditional Capital Maintenance Agreement

American International Group, Inc.

American General Life Insurance Company

AIG

Company

February 18, 2014

February 18, 2014

Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.

corporate structure or ownership of the Company, or (b) AIG sells the Company to an acquirer, in each case, (i) having a rating from at least one of S&P, Moody's, A.M. Best or a substitute agency, which is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization, that is at least equal to the lower of (x) AIG's then-current rating from such agency or (y) the Company's then-current rating as supported by this Agreement from such agency; or (ii) such that, immediately on the effective date of the modification of corporate structure or sale by AIG of the Company, the Company's capitalization is consistent with the minimum capital adequacy standards and criteria of at least one of S&P, Moody's, A.M. Best or a substitute agency, which is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization, for a rating that is equal to or better than the Company's then-current rating on the date immediately preceding such modification of corporate structure or sale.

AIG shall have the absolute right to terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the Company, which notice shall state the effective date of termination (the "Termination Date"); provided, however, that AIG agrees not to terminate this Agreement unless (a) AIG significantly modifies the

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.

The Specified Minimum Percentage shall equal 385% of the Company's Company Action Level RBC.

In the event that the Company's Total Adjusted Capital for each of the Company's first and third fiscal quarters (as determined based on the Company's first and third fiscal quarterly filed statutory financial statements, respectively, subject to any adjustments or modifications thereto required by the Domiciliary State's insurance department or the Company's independent auditors) falls below the Specified Minimum Percentage of the Company's projected Company Action Level RBC (in each case as estimated by the Company as of the end of each such first and third fiscal quarters, as the case may be, taking into account (for purposes of such estimation) facts and circumstances occurring after the end of such fiscal quarter but before such time as AIG would be obligated pursuant to paragraph 3 to make a contribution), AIG shall, within the respective time periods set forth under paragraph 3, in accordance with paragraph 4 and in compliance with applicable law, provide to the Company cash, cash equivalents, securities or other







      instruments that qualify (as admitted assets) for purposes of calculating the Company's Total Adjusted Capital, as a contribution and not as a loan, in an amount such that the Company's Total Adjusted Capital as of the end of each of the Company's second and fourth fiscal quarter, as the case may be, will be projected to be at least equal to the Specified Minimum Percentage of the Company's Company Action Level RBC.

The term "Specified Minimum Percentage" shall be equal to the percentage set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto, which shall be agreed to by AIG and the Company at least once every year beginning upon the date of the filing of the Company's 2014 Annual Statement with the Domiciliary State's insurance department and following review against the capital adequacy standards and criteria ("Agency Criteria") of each of Standard & Poor's Corp. ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's") and A.M. Best Company ("A.M. Best").

Services Agreement

Ability Computer & Software Industries Ltd

each and both of them "Recipient"

Each of the foregoing parties is referred to herein as a "Party" and together as the "Parties".

TELCOSTAR PTE, LTD.

"Provider"

Recipient"

October 1, 2019

November 1, 2019

This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.

This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated hereby and/or the interpretation and enforcement of the rights and duties of the Parties, whether arising in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of Israel (including in respect of the statute of limitations or other limitations period applicable to any such claim, controversy or dispute), without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Israel or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Israel.

Each of the Recipient and the Provider may, in their sole discretion, terminate this Agreement in whole or in part, at any time without cause, and without liability except, in the case of the Recipient, for required payment for services rendered and reimbursement for authorized expenses incurred, by providing at least 90 (ninety) days' prior written notice to the other party (such date, the "Services Termination Date").

Provider may not assign, delegate or otherwise transfer either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of Recipient.

Recipient shall own, and Provider hereby irrevocably assigns to the Recipient, all rights, title, and interest in any invention, technique, process, device, discovery, improvement, or know-how, whether patentable or not and all other proprietary rights, industrial rights and any other similar rights, in each case on a worldwide basis, and all copies and tangible embodiments thereof, or any part thereof, in whatever form or medium hereafter made or conceived solely or jointly by Provider while working for or on behalf of the Recipient, which relate to, is suggested by, or results from the Services.

All writings or works of authorship, including, without limitation, program codes or documentation, produced or authored by Provider in the course of performing services for the Recipient, together with any associated copyrights, are works made for hire and the exclusive property of the Recipient.

To the extent that any writings or works of authorship may not, by operation of law, be works made for hire, this Agreement shall constitute an irrevocable assignment by Provider to the Recipient of the ownership of and all rights of copyright in, such items, and the Recipient shall have the right to obtain and hold in its own name, rights of copyright, copyright registrations, and similar protections which may be available in the works.

Manufacturing Agreement

CHONGQING ZONGSHEN AUTOMOBILE INDUSTRY CO., LTD.

EMV

Manufacturer

ELECTRAMECCANICA VEHICLES CORP

ELECTRAMECCANICA VEHICLES CORP.

February ____, 2017

February ____, 2017 (

This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.

This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of Hong Kong without regard to choice of laws principles.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, subject to Manufacturer meeting EMV's requirements for quality, price and lead- time, EMV hereby grants Manufacturer an exclusive, non-transferable, license (without the right to sublicense) under EMV's Proprietary Rights in the Territory, during the term of this Agreement, to use the Specifications solely for the purpose of manufacturing the Products to fulfil Purchase Orders for EMV.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, subject to Manufacturer meeting EMV's requirements for quality, price and lead- time, EMV hereby grants Manufacturer an exclusive, non-transferable, license (without the right to sublicense) under EMV's Proprietary Rights in the Territory, during the term of this Agreement, to copy the EMV firmware as may be provided by EMV from time to time onto Product units in the manufacturing process at each EMV-approved Manufacturer manufacturing facility.

The manufacturing license granted in this Agreement is exclusive within the Territory.

Neither Party shall assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to any third party directly or indirectly without the prior written consent of the other Party.

In addition, during the valid period of this agreement, EMV guarantee the annual purchase volume will be not less than the purchase volume of the previous year.

Under this Agreement, subject to Manufacturer meeting EMV's requirements for quality, price and lead-time and being granted the manufacturing license hereunder, the minimum purchase volume of the Product (Solo) is 50,000 units within the period of three (3) years (calendar year of 2018, 2019, 2020).

In case that EMV fails to reach the target volume within the specified period of the agreement, EMV shall reimburse the Manufacturer the investment of the equipment by the percentage of unachieved volume.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, subject to Manufacturer meeting EMV's requirements for quality, price and lead- time, EMV hereby grants Manufacturer an exclusive, non-transferable, license (without the right to sublicense) under EMV's Proprietary Rights in the Territory, during the term of this Agreement, to use the Specifications solely for the purpose of manufacturing the Products to fulfil Purchase Orders for EMV.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, subject to Manufacturer meeting EMV's requirements for quality, price and lead- time, EMV hereby grants Manufacturer an exclusive, non-transferable, license (without the right to sublicense) under EMV's Proprietary Rights in the Territory, during the term of this Agreement, to copy the EMV firmware as may be provided by EMV from time to time onto Product units in the manufacturing process at each EMV-approved Manufacturer manufacturing facility.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, subject to Manufacturer meeting EMV's requirements for quality, price and lead- time, EMV hereby grants Manufacturer an exclusive, non-transferable, license (without the right to sublicense) under EMV's Proprietary Rights in the Territory, during the term of this Agreement, to use the Specifications solely for the purpose of manufacturing the Products to fulfil Purchase Orders for EMV.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, subject to Manufacturer meeting EMV's requirements for quality, price and lead- time, EMV hereby grants Manufacturer an exclusive, non-transferable, license (without the right to sublicense) under EMV's Proprietary Rights in the Territory, during the term of this Agreement, to copy the EMV firmware as may be provided by EMV from time to time onto Product units in the manufacturing process at each EMV-approved Manufacturer manufacturing facility.

Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, EMV does not grant any right to Manufacturer to (a) use, copy, or display (except for promotional purposes) the Products; (b) assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer its rights or delegate its obligations under this Agreement or any of the rights, licenses, Products, or materials to which it applies; or (c) modify, amend, alter or otherwise vary the Products.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, subject to Manufacturer meeting EMV's requirements for quality, price and lead- time, EMV hereby grants Manufacturer an exclusive, non-transferable, license (without the right to sublicense) under EMV's Proprietary Rights in the Territory, during the term of this Agreement, to use the Specifications solely for the purpose of manufacturing the Products to fulfil Purchase Orders for EMV.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, subject to Manufacturer meeting EMV's requirements for quality, price and lead- time, EMV hereby grants Manufacturer an exclusive, non-transferable, license (without the right to sublicense) under EMV's Proprietary Rights in the Territory, during the term of this Agreement, to copy the EMV firmware as may be provided by EMV from time to time onto Product units in the manufacturing process at each EMV-approved Manufacturer manufacturing facility.

(iv) within sixty (_60_) business days after the termination of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall prepare all such items in its possession for shipment, as EMV may direct, at EMV's expense.

Upon the termination of this Agreement by either party:

Manufacturer's manufacturing records shall be available to EMV during spot checks and site inspections pursuant to Section 2.4, and upon request to allow EMV to provide such information to certification authorities as may be required.

Upon prior written notice to Manufacturer, and subject to the confidentiality provisions herein, EMV will have the right to perform on-site inspections at Manufacturer's manufacturing facilities and Manufacturer will fully cooperate with EMV in that regard at mutually agreed upon times. If an inspection or test is made on Manufacturer's premises, Manufacturer will provide EMV's inspectors with reasonable assistance at no additional charge. In the event that any on-site inspection of the Products indicates that the Products do not conform to the requirements of this Agreement, Manufacturer will not ship such Products until such nonconformity has been cured and only Products meeting the conformance criteria may be shipped.

Upon prior written notice to Manufacturer, EMV or its authorized representative(s) may conduct spot functional tests of the Products at Manufacturer's facility at which Products are being manufactured during Manufacturer's normal business hours. The parties will mutually agree upon the timing of such investigations, which will be conducted in such a manner as not to unduly interfere with Manufacturer's operations. If any Products fail any part of the test procedure set forth on the Specifications, EMV may require such Products to be rejected, and Manufacturer will promptly take all steps necessary to correct such failures at its expense.

WEBSITE CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

Licensor

PSiTech Corporation

Empirical Ventures, Inc.

Licensee

Feb 10, 2014

Feb 10, 2014

The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").

Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew automatically for one (1) additional three (3) year period (the "Renewal Term" and collectively, together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless either party provides the other with written notice of non-renewal at least ninety (90) days before the expiration of the Initial Term].

Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew automatically for one (1) additional three (3) year period (the "Renewal Term" and collectively, together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless either party provides the other with written notice of non-renewal at least ninety (90) days before the expiration of the Initial Term].

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.

Subject to Licensee's ongoing compliance with Section 3.2 and all other terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor grants to Licensee an exclusive (save for rights reserved to Licensor hereunder), non-transferable (except as provided in Section 11.7) and non- sublicensable license, during the License Term, to reproduce, perform, display, transmit and distribute the Licensed Content on the Licensee Siteand Related Media intended solely for use by End Usersin the Territory within the scope set forth in Schedule 1 (License Scope), which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference.

For purposes of the preceding sentence, and without limiting its generality, any merger, consolidation or reorganization involving Licensee (regardless of whether Licensee is a surviving or disappearing entity) will be deemed to be a transfer of rights, obligations or performance under this Agreement for which Licensor's prior written consent is required.

Licensee shall not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer any of its obligations or performance, under this Agreement, in each case whether voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, without Licensor's prior written consent.

Any purported assignment, delegation or transfer in violation of this Section 11.7 is void from the outset and shall be of no force or effect.

In addition to the License Fee payable in accordance with Section 5.1, Licensee shall pay a royalty ("Royalty") to Licensor according to the following schedule ("Royalty Schedule"):   Subscribers Royalty Payable as Percentage of Gross Revenue 0 - 5000 6.25% 5001 - 7500 6.75% 7501 - 10,000 7.00% 10,001 - 15,000 8.00% 15,001 - 20,000 8.50% 20,001 - 25,000 9.25% 25,001+ 9.75%

Subject to Licensee's ongoing compliance with Section 3.2 and all other terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor grants to Licensee an exclusive (save for rights reserved to Licensor hereunder), non-transferable (except as provided in Section 11.7) and non- sublicensable license, during the License Term, to reproduce, perform, display, transmit and distribute the Licensed Content on the Licensee Siteand Related Media intended solely for use by End Usersin the Territory within the scope set forth in Schedule 1 (License Scope), which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference.

Licensor grants to Licensee a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as provided in Section 11.7) and non-sublicensable royalty-free license during the Term to those of Licensor's Marks designated by Licensor from time to time to:   (i)display such Marks on the Licensee Site: (x) with the Licensed Content to provide source attribution; or (y) as links to the Licensed Content;   (ii)comply with its express obligations under this Agreement; and   (iii)advertise, market and promote the availability of the Licensed Content or the Licensee Site and identify the Licensor as a content provider;   provided, that all uses of Licensor's Marks shall require Licensor's prior written approval.

Subject to Licensee's ongoing compliance with Section 3.2 and all other terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor grants to Licensee an exclusive (save for rights reserved to Licensor hereunder), non-transferable (except as provided in Section 11.7) and non- sublicensable license, during the License Term, to reproduce, perform, display, transmit and distribute the Licensed Content on the Licensee Siteand Related Media intended solely for use by End Usersin the Territory within the scope set forth in Schedule 1 (License Scope), which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference.

Licensor grants to Licensee a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as provided in Section 11.7) and non-sublicensable royalty-free license during the Term to those of Licensor's Marks designated by Licensor from time to time to:   (i)display such Marks on the Licensee Site: (x) with the Licensed Content to provide source attribution; or (y) as links to the Licensed Content;   (ii)comply with its express obligations under this Agreement; and   (iii)advertise, market and promote the availability of the Licensed Content or the Licensee Site and identify the Licensor as a content provider;   provided, that all uses of Licensor's Marks shall require Licensor's prior written approval.

Licensee shall make such books and records, and appropriate personnel, available during normal business hours for audit by Licensor or its authorized representative; provided that Licensor shall:   (a) provide Licensee with reasonable prior notice of any audit;   (b) undertake an audit no more than once per calendar year, unless a prior audit has disclosed a balance due; and   (c) conduct or cause to be conducted such audit in a manner designed to minimize disruption of Licensee's normal business operations.

Licensor will pay the cost of such audits unless an audit reveals a discrepancy in payment or reporting of five percent (5%) or more, in which case the Licensee shall reimburse the Licensor for the reasonable cost of the audit.

The provisions of Section 9.1 and Section 9.2 will not apply to limit the Licensee's indemnification obligations under Section 8.2, or in the case of Licensee's gross negligence or wilful misconduct.

EACH PARTY'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE AGGREGATE AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE TO LICENSOR IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE CLAIM.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, LIQUIDATED, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR PENALTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSSES OF BUSINESS, REVENUE OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGE WAS FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

SERVICE AGREEMENT

NIGEL CROCKETT

BICYCLETX LIMITED

''Employee"

Company

26 September 2019

26 September 2019

Your employment shall commence on 26  September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and the parties to this Agreement submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales in relation to any claim, dispute or matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

(c) in the Restricted Territory, compete with the business of the Company or any Group Company either on your own account or for any person, firm or company directly or indirectly in competition with the Restricted Business by soliciting or endeavouring to solicit or entice the business or custom of any Restricted Customer or Prospective Customer and with whom you personally dealt in respect of Restricted Business in the pursuance of the employment hereunder in the twelve (12) months prior to the Termination Date;

(d) either on your own account or for any person, firm or company directly or indirectly solicit or entice away or endeavour to solicit or entice away any director or senior employee of the Company or any Group Company employed in a managerial, scientific or technical role with whom you have had material personal dealings in the twelve (12) months prior to the Termination Date;

(e) from the Termination Date for the purpose of carrying on any trade, or business represent or allow you to be represented or held out as having any present association with the Company or any Group Company; and

(f) from the Termination Date carry on any trade or business whose name incorporates the word Bicycle or any deviation or extension thereof which is likely or which may be confused with the name of the Company or any Group Company.

You shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, either solely or jointly, directly or indirectly, carry on or be engaged, concerned or interested in any other trade or business, including, but not limited to, carrying on business with the Company's suppliers or dealers, save that nothing in this paragraph 13.2 shall prevent you from holding (with the prior written consent of the Company, which shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld) up to three percent (3%) of the issued equity share capital of any company where those equity shares are listed on a recognised investment exchange (as defined in section 285 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) or traded on the AIM market operated by the London Stock Exchange.

You hereby agree with the Company that to protect the Company's and any and all Group Company's business interests, customer connections and goodwill and the stability of its or their workforce, that you will not during the Restricted Period (and in respect of sub-paragraph 14.2(f) below only, at any time):

(a) in the Restricted Territory, compete with the business of the Company or any Group Company by being directly or indirectly employed or engaged in any capacity by any person, firm or company which engages in or provides Restricted Business or commercial activities competitive with the Restricted Business to Restricted Customers or Prospective Customers;

(b) in the Restricted Territory, compete with the business of the Company or any Group Company either on your own account or for any person, firm or company directly or indirectly by transacting business in competition with the Restricted Business with any Restricted Customer or Prospective Customer of the Company or Group Company and with whom you personally dealt in respect of Restricted Business in the pursuance of the employment hereunder in the twelve (12) months prior to the Termination Date;

save that nothing in this paragraph 13.2 shall prevent you from holding (with the prior written consent of the Company, which shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld) up to three percent (3%) of the issued equity share capital of any company where those equity shares are listed on a recognised investment exchange (as defined in section 285 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) or traded on the AIM market operated by the London Stock Exchange.

You hereby agree with the Company that to protect the Company's and any and all Group Company's business interests, customer connections and goodwill and the stability of its or their workforce, that you will not during the Restricted Period (and in respect of sub-paragraph 14.2(f) below only, at any time):

(d) either on your own account or for any person, firm or company directly or indirectly solicit or entice away or endeavour to solicit or entice away any director or senior employee of the Company or any Group Company employed in a managerial, scientific or technical role with whom you have had material personal dealings in the twelve (12) months prior to the Termination Date;

terminate your employment forthwith and to make a payment to you in lieu of salary and the benefits set out in paragraph 5 of this Agreement for all or any unexpired part of the notice period.

Without prejudice to the Company's right to summarily terminate your employment in accordance with paragraph 11.3 below and your right to summarily terminate your employment for Good Reason in accordance with paragraph 11.4 below, either you or the Company may terminate your employment by giving to the other not less than six months' notice in writing.

The Company reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to give written notice to

In addition, and conditional on completion of a transaction on terms set out below, you will be granted a second option under the Option Plan, such option being one of:

(a) an option to acquire 44,757 Shares (representing approximately 0.25% of the Company's issued share capital as at the Effective Date) granted as soon as practicable following the completion of a transaction approved by the Board on terms which include an upfront payment of at least USD30,000,000 and per product downstream milestone payments of at least USD300,000,000; or

(b) an option to acquire 22,378 Shares (representing approximately 0.125% of the Company's issued share capital as at the Effective Date) granted as soon as practicable following the completion of a transaction approved by the Board on terms which include an upfront payment of USD24,000,000 and per product downstream milestone payments of USD240,000,000; or

(c) an option to acquire such number of Shares (falling between 0.125% and 0.25% of the Company's issued share capital as at the Effective Date as the Board shall determine in its absolute discretion) granted as soon as practicable following completion of a transaction approved by the Board on terms which include an upfront payment greater than USD24,000,000 but less than USD 30,000,000, and per product downstream milestone payments greater than USD240,000,000 but less than USD 300,000,000.

On or as soon as practicable following the Effective Date, it is intended that you will be granted an option under the Option Plan to acquire 107,417 ordinary shares in the capital of BTL ("Shares") (representing approximately 0.6% of the Company's issued share capital as at the Effective Date).

To the extent that such IPRs do not vest automatically in the Company by operation of law, you hereby assign and agree to assign to the Company all of your right, title and interest in any existing and future IPRs which may subsist in any Works for their full term of protection (including any extensions, revivals and renewals) together with the right to sue and claim remedies for past infringement and all materials embodying these rights to the fullest extent permitted by law in any and all countries of the world.

If your employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay or provide to you (or to your authorised representative or estate) (i) any Salary earned through the Termination Date (as defined below); (ii) unpaid expense reimbursements (subject to, and in accordance with, paragraph 6 of this Agreement); and (iii) any vested benefits you may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company through the Termination Date, which vested benefits shall be paid and/or provided in accordance with the terms of such employee benefit plans (collectively, the "Accrued Benefits").

Company (unless given written permission to do otherwise);

(c) not to contact any of the Company's clients, suppliers or employees or those of any Group Company without the Company's prior written permission;

(d) to carry out only part of your duties, or to carry out alternative duties or special projects for the Company within your skill set;

(e) to co-operate in the handover of your duties and responsibilities;

(f) to resign from any offices (including as a director) you hold within the Company or any Group Company or by virtue of your employment with us;

(g) to answer, in an honest and helpful way, such questions as the Company may reasonably ask of you;

(h) to keep the Company informed of your whereabouts and contact details and to remain reasonably contactable and available for work.

In addition, subject to (i) your (or your authorised representative or estate signing, if the termination is due to your death) signing a settlement agreement and a separation agreement and release (together the "Settlement Agreements") in a form and manner satisfactory to the Company, which shall include, without limitation, a general release of claims against the Company and all related persons and entities, a reaffirmation of all of your continuing obligations to the Company, including those set forth in paragraphs 13 - 15, and (in the case of the separation agreement and release) and a seven (7) business day revocation period; and (ii) the separation agreement and release becoming irrevocable, all within 60 days after the Termination Date (or such shorter period as set forth in the Settlement Agreements), the Company shall: (A) pay you (or your authorised representative or estate if the termination is due to your death) an amount equal to nine (9) months of your salary as of the Termination Date (which payment shall not be reduced by either the value of any salary paid to you during your notice period or by any payment in lieu of notice made pursuant to paragraph 11.2); and (B) pay you (or your authorised representative or estate if the termination is due to your death) an amount equal to the cost to the Company of providing you with the contractual benefits under paragraph 5 for nine (9) months or, at the Company's option, continue to provide you with such benefits for nine (9) months.

After notice of termination has been given by you or the Company, the Company may at its discretion require you, for all or part of your notice period, to comply with any or all of the following instructions:

(a) not to carry out any further work for the Company or for any Group Company;

(b) to remain away from the Company's business premises and those of any Group

permit any action or claim to the effect that any treatment, exploitation or use of such Works, Inventions or other materials infringes the Consultant's Moral Rights.

To the extent permitted by law you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive in favour of the Company, its licensees and successors in title, all existing and future Moral Rights (or similar rights existing in any part of the world) you may have in respect of any Works under Chapter IV of the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 in England or any similar provisions of law in any jurisdiction, including (but without limitation) the right to be identified, the right of integrity and the right against false attribution, and agrees not to institute, support, maintain or

ASIA PACIFIC CABLE NETWORK 2 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

Bayan Telecommunications, Inc.

Dacom Corporation

Korea Telecom

StarHub Pte Ltd

Williams Communications, Inc.,

Teleglobe USA Inc.

NTT Communications Corporation

China Telecom

NTT Com Asia Ltd.

PT Indosat (Persero) Tbk

Cable & Wireless HKT international Limited

MCI International Telecommunications. Inc.

China United Telecommunications Corporation

(hereinafter collectively called "Parties" and individually called "Party"),

Onelink Cable Network Limited

Layer 2 Communications Group Ltd.

CTI International Limited

Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd.,

Taiwan Fixed Network Co., Ltd. Preparatory Office

GTE Intelligent Network Service Incorporated

Globe Telecom, Inc.

Global One Communications Network, Inc.

KPN Telecom B.V.

edge2net Inc.

China Netcom Corporation Ltd.

APT Satellite Telecommunications Limited

Advantage Telecommunications Ltd.

Concert Global Network Services, Ltd.

Metromedia Fiber Network Services, Inc.

Singapore Telecommunications Limited

The Communications Authority of Thailand

Cable & Wireless Global Network Limited

KDD Corporation

Maxis International Sdn. Bhd

Japan Telecom Co., Ltd.

TT dotCom Sdn Bhd

Onse Telecom Corporation

GNG Networks. Inc.

Telia AB (publ)

New World Telephone Limited

Telekom Malaysia Berhad (128740-P)

Global Access Ltd.

Telstra Global Networks Limited

Eastern Telecommunications Philippines, Incorporated

Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company

New Century InfoComm Ltd., Preparatory Office

18th day of April 2000

This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.

18th day of April 2000

This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.

However, any Party may terminate its participation in this Agreement at the end of the Initial Period or any time thereafter by giving not less than one (1) year's prior notice thereof, in writing, to the other Parties.

Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 12 and Subparagraphs 22.2, 22.3, 22.4 and 22.5, during the term of this Agreement, no Party may assign, sell, transfer or dispose of the whole or any parts of its rights or obligations under this Agreement

The remaining Parties to this Agreement shall assume the obligations, capital, operation, and maintenance interests of the Party terminating its participation in proportion to their interests assigned immediately preceding such effective date of termination, except for the continuing rights and obligations of the terminating Party as specified in Subparagraph 18.7 of this Agreement.

The PG shall ensure that the Supply Contract shall afford them or their designated representatives reasonable rights of access to examine, test, and inspect the APCN 2 cable equipment, material, supplies and installation activities.

Each Party to this Agreement, at its own expense, shall have the right to inspect from time to time the operation and maintenance of any portion of the APCN 2 and to obtain copies of the maintenance records.

Any Party shall have the right to review or audit the relevant books, records, vouchers, and accounts of costs pursuant to this Paragraph 9.

The PG shall ensure that the Supply Contract shall afford the Parties to this Agreement the right to review the books, records, vouchers, and accounts required to be kept, maintained, and obtained pursuant to Subparagraphs 9.1, 9.2 and 9.3.

In affording the right to review or audit, any such Party whose records are being reviewed or audited shall be permitted to recover, from the Party or Parties requesting the review or audit, the entire costs reasonably incurred in complying with the review or audit.

In the case of an audit initiated by the Management Committee and exercised by the F&ASC, the audited Party or Parties shall be permitted to recover the entire costs of the review or audit from the Parties in the proportions specified in Schedule B.

Any rights of review and audit pursuant to this Paragraph 9 shall only be exercisable through the F&ASC in accordance with the F&ASC's audit procedures.

Under no circumstances shall any Party be liable to any other Party in contract, tort, (including negligence or breach of statutory duty) or otherwise for loss (whether direct or indirect) of profits, property, traffic, business or anticipated savings, or for any indirect or consequential loss or damage in connection with the operation of this Agreement howsoever caused.

FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

The party  or  parties  specified as the Principals on SCHEDULE 1                attached hereto

INTERNATIONAL FAST FOOD CORPORATION

BURGER KING CORPORATION

INTERNATIONAL FAST FOOD POLSKA SP ZO.0

collectively, the "Principals" and individually,                a "Principal"

Franchisee

BKC

The  party  specified  as  the  Franchisee on SCHEDULE 1 attached                hereto

This Agreement shall become valid when executed  and  accepted  by BKC in  Miami,  Florida;  it shall be  governed  and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida; U.S.A.; provided,  however,  that since the Franchisee is a corporation formed under the laws of the  Republic  of  Poland  which is not doing  business  in the State of Florida, the Florida Franchise Act, Florida Statutes Section 817.416(1971) shall not apply to this Agreement.

Neither the  Principals  nor the  Franchisee  shall directly or indirectly  (through  stock  ownership,  partnership,  trust,  joint venture,  management  contract,  or otherwise)  (a) have any interest in another "Fast Food Hamburger Restaurant" during the term of this Agreement, or (b) for a period of one ye ar after termination or expiration of this Agreement,  have any interest in another Fast Food  Hamburger  Restaurant  business at or within such distance of the Location as is stated  SCHEDULE 1.

The  Franchisee  agrees,  during  the  term  of this Agreement and thereafter,  not to directly or indirectly engage in the operation of any  restaurant,  except as licensed by BKC, which utilizes or duplicates the Burger King System or any part thereof.

The Franchisee will not attempt,  directly or  indirectly,  to entice or induce any employee of BKC or of an  Affiliate  of BKC or of  another  franchisee  of BKC to leave such employment,  nor to employ such employee  within six (6) months after his or her termination  of  employment  with such  employer,  except with the prior written consent of such employer.

The Franchisee will not attempt,  directly or  indirectly,  to entice or induce any employee of BKC or of an  Affiliate  of BKC or of  another  franchisee  of BKC to leave such employment,  nor to employ such employee  within six (6) months after his or her termination  of  employment  with such  employer,  except with the prior written consent of such employer.

The Franchisee  will not directly or indirectly,  at any time during the term of this Agreement or thereafter,  do or cause to be done any act or thing  disputing,  attacking or in any way impairing the validity of and BKC's right,  title or interest in the Burger King Marks and the Burger King System.

If BKC does not exercise its option under Subparagraph 15.4.1,  Franchisee may conclude the sale to the purchaser who made the offer  provided BKC's consent to the assignment or sale be first obtained as provided below.

BKC shall have twenty (20) business days after receipt of the notice of offer and the  furnishing of all  reasonably requested  information  within  which to notify  Franchisee  or the  owners,  as applicable, of BKC's intent to exercise its right hereunder.

BKC or its designee shall then have the prior option to purchase the interests  covered by the  offer  at the  price  and  upon the  same  terms  of the  offer.

If the conveyance of the Principal's  interest to a party  acceptable to BKC has not taken place within the twelve (12) month period,  BKC shall have the option, to purchase the Principal's interest at fair market value.

Upon termination or expiration of this  Agreement,  if the  parties  do not enter  into a  successor  Franchise Agreement  whereby the Franchisee  shall continue to be a franchisee and operate the  Franchised  Restaurant at the Location,  BKC or its designee shall have the option subject to obtaining any necessary governmental consent:

                        (a)  To  purchase  the   Location   and/or  any  related equipment at fair market value, if the  Franchisee,  any of the Principals or an affiliate of the Franchisee owns the Location and/or related equipment.

                        (b) If the Location is leased by the Franchisee,  any of the  Principals  or an affiliate  of the  Franchisee,  subject to obtaining  any necessary  landlord's consent, to obtain an assignment of the leasehold interest at a price equal to the fair market value of the leasehold interest.

Silence on the part of BKC shall constitute  rejection.

In the event  Franchisee or the Principals  wish to accept a bona fide offer from a third party to purchase  all or substantially all of the assets constituting the Franchised  Restaurant or of the majority of the voting stock of the Franchisee,  the proposed  transferor(s) shall  give BKC  written  notice  setting  forth  the name  and  address  of the prospective  purchaser,  the  price  and  terms  of the  offer  together  with a franchisee  application  completed by the prospective  purchaser,  a copy of the Purchase and Sale Agreement,  executed by both the seller and purchaser, and all exhibits,  copies of any real estate purchase agreement or agreements,  proposed security agreements and related promissory notes, assignment documents,  and any other  information  that BKC may request in order to evaluate the offer.

The  election by BKC not to exercise its right of first  refusal as to any offer shall not affect its right of first refusal as to any subsequent offer.

Any  sale,  attempted  sale, assignment,  or other transfer of the interests described in Subparagraph 15.4.1 without  first giving BKC the right of first  refusal  described  above shall be void and of no force and effect,  and shall constitute an Event of Default under Paragraph 17.1(k).

If the proposed sale includes assets of  Franchisee  not related to the  operation of  franchised  Burger King Restaurants,  BKC may, at its option,  elect to purchase only the assets related to the operation of franchised Burger King Restaurants and an equitable purchase price shall be  allocated to each asset  included in the  proposed  sale.

If BKC does not exercise its option under Subparagraph 15.4.1,  Franchisee may conclude the sale to the purchaser who made the offer  provided BKC's consent to the assignment or sale be first obtained as provided below.

BKC may impose reasonable  conditions on its consent to the transfers  contemplated in Subparagraphs 15.1 and 15.2 above. BKC is under no  obligation  to  consent  to the  encumbrances  contemplated  in Subparagraphs 15.1 and 15.2 above, and may deny its consent to such encumbrances in its sole discretion.

If BKC does not exercise its option under Subparagraph 15.4.1,  Franchisee may conclude the sale to the purchaser who made the offer  provided BKC's consent to the assignment or sale be first obtained as provided below.

Except with the prior  written consent  of an  authorized  officer  of BKC,  no  Principal  shall  directly  or indirectly sell,  assign,  convey,  give away,  mortgage,  pledge,  hypothecate, charge,  or  otherwise  transfer  or  encumber  any legal or  beneficial  equity interest in Franchisee.

grant or deliver any additional equity interests in the Franchisee, or (c) sell, assign,  transfer,  convey, or give away  substantially all of the assets of the Franchised Restaurant.

Except with the prior  written consent of an authorized  officer of BKC,  Franchisee  shall not (a) directly or indirectly sell,  assign,  convey,  give away,  mortgage,  pledge,  hypothecate, charge,  or otherwise  transfer or encumber its rights or obligations under this Agreement,  or assign any of  Franchisee's  rights or delegate any of its duties hereunder;  (b) sell, issue,  offer,  transfer,  convey, give away, or otherwise

Any  sale,  attempted  sale, assignment,  or other transfer of the interests described in Subparagraph 15.4.1 without  first giving BKC the right of first  refusal  described  above shall be void and of no force and effect,  and shall constitute an Event of Default under Paragraph 17.1(k).

Franchisee  shall deliver to BKC a return of Gross Sales for the preceding month and pay to BKC or its designee a royalty for the use of the Burger King Marks an the Burger  King  System  calculated  by applying  the  percentage  set forth in SCHEDULE  1  against  the Gross  Sales for the  preceding  calendar  month.

Except as otherwise provided in Section 5 3 of the   Development Agreement, by the fifteenth (15th) day of each month, the

At all times during the Term of this  Agreement, Franchisee shall employ at least one (1) individual (the  "Restaurant  Manager") who is  responsible  for the direct,  personal  supervision  of the  Franchise d Restaurant .

A representative of BKC who shall make not less than two (2) one day visits to Poland  per annum to provide  the  Franchisee  with any  requested reasonable  operations or marketing  guidance and advice.

and other franchisees. The Franchisee agrees to execute any additional documents which BKC may deem  necessary  to  effect  or  perfect  the  provisions  of this Paragraph 5.12.

The Franchisee agrees to execute any additional documents which BKC may deem  necessary  to  effect  or  perfect  the  provisions  of this Paragraph 5.12.

The Franchisee  acknowledges and agrees that all such potential improvements and new features  shall  become the  exclusive  property of BKC  without  payment of any consideration  to the  Franchisee,  and BKC is free to evaluate  such  potential improvements  or new  features in its own  restaurants  and  introduce  any such improvements  or new features into the Burger King System for the benefit of BKC

The Franchisee hereby assigns to BKC such rights (if any) as the  Franchisee  may hereafter  acquire in any of the Burger King Marks or the Burger King System and shall execute such documents and do  such  acts  at the  cost  of BKC as may be  necessary  to  perfect  such assignment.

In reliance upon the application and information furnished by the  Franchisee,  and  subject  to the terms and  conditions  contained  in this Agreement,  BKC grants to the Franchisee a license to use the Burger King System and the Burger King Marks in the  operation of a Burger King  Restaurant at that Location.

Upon termination or expiration of this  Agreement,  if the  parties  do not enter  into a  successor  Franchise Agreement  whereby the Franchisee  shall continue to be a franchisee and operate the  Franchised  Restaurant at the Location,  BKC or its designee shall have the option subject to obtaining any necessary governmental consent:

                        (a)  To  purchase  the   Location   and/or  any  related equipment at fair market value, if the  Franchisee,  any of the Principals or an affiliate of the Franchisee owns the Location and/or related equipment.

Neither the  Principals  nor the  Franchisee  shall directly or indirectly  (through  stock  ownership,  partnership,  trust,  joint venture,  management  contract,  or otherwise)  (a) have any interest in another "Fast Food Hamburger Restaurant" during the term of this Agreement, or (b) for a period of one ye ar after termination or expiration of this Agreement,  have any interest in another Fast Food  Hamburger  Restaurant  business at or within such distance of the Location as is stated  SCHEDULE 1.

Upon termination or expiration of this  Agreement,  if the  parties  do not enter  into a  successor  Franchise Agreement  whereby the Franchisee  shall continue to be a franchisee and operate the  Franchised  Restaurant at the Location,  BKC or its designee shall have the option subject to obtaining any necessary governmental consent:

                        (a)  To  purchase  the   Location   and/or  any  related equipment at fair market value, if the  Franchisee,  any of the Principals or an affiliate of the Franchisee owns the Location and/or related equipment.

                        (b) If the Location is leased by the Franchisee,  any of the  Principals  or an affiliate  of the  Franchisee,  subject to obtaining  any necessary  landlord's consent, to obtain an assignment of the leasehold interest at a price equal to the fair market value of the leasehold interest.

The  Franchisee  grants  to  BKC  or  its designee  upon  termination  or  expiration  of this  Agreement,  the  option to purchase all usable paper goods, containers and printed menus bearing any of the Burger  King  Marks or trade  names at the price paid by the  Franchisee  and to purchase the Franchisee's restaurant equipment, furniture, fixtures and signs at fair market value.

(b) If the Location is leased by the Franchisee,  any of the  Principals  or an affiliate  of the  Franchisee,  subject to obtaining  any necessary  landlord's consent, to obtain an assignment of the leasehold interest at a price equal to the fair market value of the leasehold interest.

The  Franchisee  agrees,  during  the  term  of this Agreement and thereafter,  not to directly or indirectly engage in the operation of any  restaurant,  except as licensed by BKC, which utilizes or duplicates the Burger King System or any part thereof.

Upon termination or expiration of this  Agreement,  if the  parties  do not enter  into a  successor  Franchise Agreement  whereby the Franchisee  shall continue to be a franchisee and operate the  Franchised  Restaurant at the Location,  BKC or its designee shall have the option subject to obtaining any necessary governmental consent:

The  inspections  shall be  performed in a manner which minimizes interference with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant.

The Franchisee  agrees to keep complete  records of the business and shall furnish BKC with monthly and fiscal  year-to-date  profit and loss statements for the Franchised  Restaurant in the format  prescribed by BKC.

The  Franchisee  shall  participate  in any  self-audit scheme which may from time to time form part of the Burger King System.

The Franchisee agrees that BKC or its  representatives,  at BKC's expense shall, at all reasonable times, have the right to examine or audit the books and  accounts of the  Franchisee.

All profit and loss  statements  and  balance  sheets  shall  be  submitted  to BKC  within fifty-five (45) days after the end of the period covered by the report in a form acceptable to BKC.

BKC  shall  have  the unrestricted right to enter the Franchised Restaurant to conduct such reasonable activities as it deems  necessary to ascertain  compliance  with this Agreement.

The  Franchisee  shall  also  submit to BKC  quarterly  balance  sheets  for the Franchisee  itself and not  merely of the  Franchised  Restaurant,  the first of which shall be for the period ending  forty-five  (45) days after the expiration of the first calendar quarter after the Franchised  Restaurant opens.

In addition, the Franchisee shall submit to BKC copies of tax returns relating to the Franchisee's  sales at the Franchised  Restaurant at the same time the returns are filed,  and such other  records as BKC may  reasonably request from time to time.

ln addition,  the  Franchisee  shall furnish an annual  financial  statement  for the  Franchisee  and not merely the Franchised Restaurant,  which statement shall be certified by a Certified Public Accountant or equivalent.

Within ninety (90) days after the close of each fiscal year and at any time on request,  the  Franchisee  shall submit a full disclosure of all  shareholders in the Franchisee,  and of all persons with an interest in the Franchised  Restaurant.

The  inspections  may be  conducted  without  prior  notice at any time when the Franchisee or any one of its responsible  employees or representatives is at the Franchised  Restaurant.

All  policies  shall be renewed,  and a  renewal  Certificate  of  Insurance  mailed  to BKC at its main office,  or at such  other  location  as may be  specified  by BKC  prior to the expiration  date of the  policies.

Comprehensive  General  Liability  insurance  per  restaurant;  except  that  if Franchisee  owns  more  than ten (10)  Burger  King  Restaurants,  the  umbrella coverage applicable to all such restaurants need not exceed an mount which is at any  time  in  excess  of the  equivalent  of Ten  Million  U.S.  Dollars  (U.S. $10,000,000).

Each policy will name BKC, and its subsidiaries,  affiliated and parent companies as an additional insured, and will provide hat the policy  cannot be canceled  without  thirty (30) days prior





written notice to BKC, will insure against the liability of BKC for both its and Franchisee's  acts or omissions,  and will insure the  contractual  liability of Franchisee  under paragraph 13.3  Additionally,  Franchisee  agrees to carry, at Franchisee's  expense,  umbrella coverage in an amount which is at all times the equivalent  of One  Million  U.S.  Dollars  (U.S.  $1,000,000)  over  the  basic

Franchisee agrees to participate in any governmental  Worker's  Compensation  Program,  unemployment  insurance program, hospitalization  program and any other similar  program which may be required by the laws of the country where the Franchised Restaurant is located.

Franchisee  agrees  to  carry at its expense  during  the  Term of this  Agreement  Comprehensive  General  Liability insurance, including Products Liability and Broad Form Contractual Liability, in an  amount  which is at all  times  the  local  equivalent  of not less than One Million U.S. Dollars (U.S.  $1,000,000.00)  per occurrence for bodily injury and Five Hundred  Thousand  U.S.  Dollars  (U.S.  $500,000.00)  per  occurrence  for property damage, or in such increased amounts as BKC may reasonably request from time to time during the Term of this  Agreement.

The Franchisee  will not directly or indirectly,  at any time during the term of this Agreement or thereafter,  do or cause to be done any act or thing  disputing,  attacking or in any way impairing the validity of and BKC's right,  title or interest in the Burger King Marks and the Burger King System.

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT

BIOCEPT, INC.

Life Technologies

Biocept

LIFE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

November 2, 2012

November 2, 2012

The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").

This Agreement and any disputes, claims, or actions related thereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.

Biocept will have sole responsibility for performing the Technical Component of all Tests sold by the parties, until and unless Life Technologies obtains the right from Biocept to independently develop its own Tests in accordance with all applicable FDA regulatory requirements, as provided for in Section 7.1.

Life Technologies will be authorized to perform the Professional Component of all Tests sold by the parties, although Biocept may engage other groups in promotion, marketing and performance arrangements for the Tests, at the discretion of Biocept.

Both parties shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time, for any or for no reason, upon one hundred twenty (120) days written notice to the other party.

Rights and know-how to independently commercialize the Assay in accordance with applicable Laws.

Biocept will provide notice to Life Technologies on December 31, 2012 if the conditions for the option apply, and if Life Technologies delivers written notice of exercise of such right of negotiation to Biocept on or before January 15, 2013, the parties will negotiate in good faith to conclude a license agreement no later than February 28, 2013.

If Biocept does not obtain at least ten million dollars ($10,000,000) in equity financing by December 31, 2012, then Life Technologies shall have the non-exclusive option, exercisable by written notice to Biocept given no later than January 15, 2013, to negotiate with Biocept for a license (unless the parties mutually agree to a different transaction structure) to all necessary Intellectual Property

Biocept grants to Life Technologies a non-exclusive option, exercisable during the two (2) year period beginning on the Effective Date, to develop plans, and negotiate with Biocept, for the co-development with Biocept of such systems for the Assay, employing or based on Biocept technologies.

In the event a party undergoes a Change of Control Event as defined in Section 14.5, the other party may terminate the Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice to the party undergoing the Change of Control.

Any assignment not in accordance with this Agreement shall be void.

Except as expressly provided hereunder, neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned or otherwise transferred by either party without the prior written consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld); provided, however, that either party may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder without the other party's consent in connection with the transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the business of such party to which this Agreement relates to a Third Party, whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise (a "Change of Control Event").

If Biocept does not obtain at least ten million dollars ($10,000,000) in equity financing by December 31, 2012, then Life Technologies shall have the non-exclusive option, exercisable by written notice to Biocept given no later than January 15, 2013, to negotiate with Biocept for a license (unless the parties mutually agree to a different transaction structure) to all necessary Intellectual Property

To the extent any Development owned by Biocept relates directly to the practice of, or constitutes an improvement to, the Assay, Biocept hereby grants to Life Technologies, during the Term of this Agreement, a non-exclusive license under Biocept's Intellectual Property Rights in such Development, solely to promote the Assay in the Territory and to perform the Professional Component of the Assay sold by the parties in the Territory, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

other party is covered under its license, to practice these Intellectual Property Rights for the Assay.

Upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Biocept hereby grants Life Technologies during the Term the non-exclusive right, as further defined in Section 2.3, to promote the Tests in the Territory and to perform the Professional Component of the Tests sold by the parties in the Territory, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

To the extent any Development owned by Life Technologies relates directly to the practice of, or constitutes an improvement to, the Assay, Life Technologies hereby grants to Biocept, during the Term of this Agreement, and, except in the case of termination of this Agreement by Life Technologies for Biocept's uncured material breach, after expiration or termination of this Agreement, a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid license, including the right to sublicense, under Life Technologies' Intellectual Property Rights in such Developments, solely to develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import, perform and provide the Assay.

use in connection with the promotion and performance of the Tests in the Territory.

Rights and know-how to independently commercialize the Assay in accordance with applicable Laws.

To the extent that either party has licensed or will license Intellectual Property Rights from Third Parties related to specific biomarkers, targets, kits, dyes or technology utilized in the Assay other than for the capture and detection of CTCs, it will, to the extent it is able, grant, during the Term of the Agreement, a non-exclusive license to the other party, or ensure that the

The parties hereby grant to each other non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty-free licenses to utilize the other party's trademarks, as follows:

(a) Biocept Trademarks. To facilitate the promotion and performance of Tests, during the Term Biocept hereby grants Life Technologies a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable license to use the Biocept Trademarks solely for

To the extent that either party owns Intellectual Property Rights to specific biomarkers, targets, kits, dyes or technology utilized in the Assay other than for the capture and detection of CTCs, it will, to the extent it is able, grant during the Term of the Agreement, a non-exclusive license to the other party to practice these Intellectual Property Rights for the Assay.

To facilitate the promotion and performance of Tests, during the Term Life Technologies hereby grants Biocept a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable license to use the Life Technologies Trademarks solely for use in connection with the promotion and performance of the Tests in the Territory.

To facilitate the promotion and performance of Tests, during the Term Biocept hereby grants Life Technologies a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable license to use the Biocept Trademarks solely for

use in connection with the promotion and performance of the Tests in the Territory.

To facilitate the promotion and performance of Tests, during the Term Life Technologies hereby grants Biocept a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable license to use the Life Technologies Trademarks solely for use in connection with the promotion and performance of the Tests in the Territory.

To the extent any Development owned by Life Technologies relates directly to the practice of, or constitutes an improvement to, the Assay, Life Technologies hereby grants to Biocept, during the Term of this Agreement, and, except in the case of termination of this Agreement by Life Technologies for Biocept's uncured material breach, after expiration or termination of this Agreement, a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid license, including the right to sublicense, under Life Technologies' Intellectual Property Rights in such Developments, solely to develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import, perform and provide the Assay.

To the extent any Development owned by Life Technologies relates directly to the practice of, or constitutes an improvement to, the Assay, Life Technologies hereby grants to Biocept, during the Term of this Agreement, and, except in the case of termination of this Agreement by Life Technologies for Biocept's uncured material breach, after expiration or termination of this Agreement, a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid license, including the right to sublicense, under Life Technologies' Intellectual Property Rights in such Developments, solely to develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import, perform and provide the Assay.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER FROM THE OTHER PARTY ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY LICENSE GRANTED HEREUNDER; provided, however, that this Section shall neither (a) apply to any liability for damages arising from breach of any obligations of confidentiality under Article 10, nor (b) limit the indemnification obligations of the parties arising under Article 12 of this Agreement.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER FROM THE OTHER PARTY ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY LICENSE GRANTED HEREUNDER; provided, however, that this Section shall neither (a) apply to any liability for damages arising from breach of any obligations of confidentiality under Article 10, nor (b) limit the indemnification obligations of the parties arising under Article 12 of this Agreement.

Each party, at its own expense, shall maintain product liability and other appropriate insurance (or self- insure) in an amount consistent with industry standards during the Term and shall name the other party as an additional insured with respect to such insurance.

Each party shall provide a certificate of insurance (or evidence of self-insurance) evidencing such coverage to the other party upon request.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Biocept owns, and Life Technologies acknowledges Biocept's ownership of, (i) the Assay and the Selector technology, and (ii) all Intellectual Property Rights in the Assay and the Selector technology, and Life Technologies agrees that it shall not do or suffer to be done any act or thing or undertake any action anywhere that in any manner might infringe, or impair the validity, scope, or title of Biocept in the Assay, the Selector technology or Intellectual Property Rights owned by Biocept.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

Shun Li De Commerce & Trading Ltd

("SLD")

American Champion Media, Inc.

the "Event"

ACM

April 14, 2000

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California and the laws of Hong Kong.

7)      All covenants, promises and agreements by or on behalf of the parties contained in this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the  parties; but nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied is intended to confer on any party the right to assign its rights or  obligations hereunder.

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Nanophase Technologies Corporation

d/b/a ALFA AESAR

NTC

ALFA AESAR

JOHNSON MATTHEY CATALOG COMPANY, INC.

October 24, 2005

The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows

The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows:

The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows:

This agreement shall be governed by and subject to the internal laws (exclusive of the conflicts of law provisions) and decisions of the courts of the State of Illinois

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.

NTC agrees that the Product Prices, benefits and allowances offered to ALFA AESAR shall not be less favorable than those offered on Products provided to agents, distributors or marketed directly by NTC to any customers, other than the Product Prices existing as of the date of this Agreement with NTC's commercial partners.

ALFA AESAR agrees that, so long as NTC provides ALFA AESAR with Products for ALFA AESAR' S marketing, sale and distribution of Research Quantities of the Products within the Territory, ALFA AESAR shall purchase all its requirements of the Products (including nanomaterials with physical or chemical properties substantially the same as the Products) exclusively from NTC during the term of this Agreement, ALFA AESAR shall:   i) buy the Products in quantities listed in Schedule A and repackage into the research sample quantities as it deems reasonable and appropriate for distribution and sale on a worldwide basis at such resale prices it shall determine from time to time, provided that any such repackaging shall comply with applicable safety laws and regulations;   ii) attempt to keep reasonably sufficient stocks of the Products to meet customer orders and to store such stocks in such conditions as NTC may recommend from time to time to prevent deterioration or damage.

NTC hereby grants to ALFA AESAR, and its subsidiaries and affiliates, the exclusive right to market, sell and distribute Research Quantities of the Products within the Territory, ALFA AESAR hereby accepts such right and agrees to use its reasonable efforts to promote the marketing, sale and distribution of Research Quantities of the Products throughout the Territory in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement using normal and standard practices.

ALFA AESAR agrees not to manufacture, buy, sell, distribute, deal in or be the agent for any products with the specifications of any of the Products, excluding any preexisting ALFA AESAR products.

The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows:

13.1.3 By either party for any reason by providing six (6) months prior written notice expressly terminating this Agreement.

The rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall not be assignable unless consent to the assignment is in writing and signed by the parties.

For all referrals under Section 6.1, except where NTC has evidence that it referral the customer (including its affiliates) to ALFA AESAR to purchase a prior sample of the Product in question, or where NTC has made sales to the customer (including its affiliates) referred to NTC by ALFA AESAR within a period of twelve (12) months before ALFA AESAR's referral under Section 6.1, NTC shall pay ALFA AESAR a commission at the rate of [***] on the Net Sales made to each such customer so referred to NTC under Section 6.

NTC will provide training to ALFA AESAR's personnel on ALFA AESAR's premises as reasonably necessary, but no less than once annually, at mutually agreed upon times and dates to provide ALFA AESAR's sales and service personnel with adequate knowledge with respect to the Products.

Such license is granted solely in connection with ALFA AESAR's rights and obligations under this Agreement and, in particular, for the purpose of licensing ALFA AESAR to use the NTC Trademarks in ALFA AESAR's marketing, sales and distribution materials relative to the Products, including without limitation on the ALFA AESAR's Web site as a link/navigational button to the NTC Web site as posted by NTC.

ALFA AESAR hereby grants to NTC a limited non-exclusive license to use the ALFA AESAR Trademarks in the form provided by ALFA AESAR during the Term of this Agreement in accordance with the terms set forth herein.

Subject to any limitations which NTC communicates to ALFA AESAR in writing, NTC hereby grants ALFA AESAR a license to use, exhibit, excerpt, reformat, modify, reproduce, publish, publicly perform and transmit via the Internet and otherwise use such NTC content for the purpose of marketing, advertising and promoting the Products, provided that ALFA AESAR obtains NTC's prior written approval for NTC content to be included in such literature.

Such license is granted solely in connection with NTC's rights and obligations under this Agreement and, in particular, for the purpose of licensing NTC to use the ALFA AESAR Trademark on the NTC web site as expressly contemplated herein for referral of customers of Research Quantities to ALFA AESAR and is a link/navigational button to the ALFA AESAR Site.

NTC hereby grants ALFA AESAR a limited non-exclusive license to use, exhibit, excerpt, reproduce, publish, publicly perform and transmit via the Internet and otherwise use the NTC Trademarks in substantially the form as NTC may provide to ALFA AESAR from time to time during the Term of this Agreement in accordance with the terms set forth herein.

Upon termination of this Agreement, ALFA AESAR may continue to advertise and promote the Products, using the NTC's Trademarks and NTC content until ALFA AESAR's inventory depletion.

Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, ALFA AESAR may i) return its current inventory of Products for reimbursement by NTC or ii) keep its current inventory of Products and continue to sell such Products pursuant to the terms hereof until depletion of inventory.

Within twelve (12) months after the date this Agreement has been terminated by the parties, ALFA AESAR may engage an independent certified public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to NTC to audit the NTC invoices and accounting records pertaining to those customers identified as referrals under Section 6.1 at NTC's offices during normal business hours by providing thirty (30) days advance notice of such audit for the purpose of determining the accuracy of the commissions paid or payable to ALFA AESAR hereunder.

Buyer, for itself and its insurers, expressly waives any and all limitations or liability caps, if any, on Buyer's contribution liability to Seller, and any and all statutory or common law lien rights or Claims against Seller arising from any applicable workers compensation or disability acts, which Buyer might or could assert against Seller or Seller's insurers in the event of the personal injury or death of Buyer's employees, representatives or servants.

Seller shall not be liable for indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages arising under this Agreement or otherwise with respect to the sale of the products, including any lost revenues or profits, consequential and/or incidental damages, business interruption or damage to business reputation, regardless of the theory upon which any claim may be based, including any statutory causes of action or claims. In no event will Seller's entire liability to Buyer, including any liability in the event the exclusive remedy set forth in this Agreement fails of its essential purpose, exceed the purchase price actually paid by Buyer for the products hereunder, or any defective portion thereof, whichever is the lesser amount.

SELLER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY TO BUYER FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, INCOME, OR REVENUE, LOSS OF TIME OR INCONVENIENCE, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO ASSOCIATED EQUIPMENT, COST OF SUBSTITUTED OR REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT, LOSS TO FACILITIES, LOSS OF CAPITAL, LOSS OF SERVICES OR ANY OTHER INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF THIS ORDER OR THE OPERATION, FUNCTION OR CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PRODUCTS PURCHASED HEREUNDER OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY SELLER. IN THE EVENT THAT PRODUCTS DO NOT SATISFY SPECIFICATIONS, THEY WILL BE REPLACED, AT SELLER'S OPTION, WITH PRODUCTS THAT DO SATISFY THE SPECIFICATIONS AT SELLER'S SOLE EXPENSE. SAID REPLACEMENT IS THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF BUYER.

THE CORRECTION OF SUCH DEFECT BY REPAIR OR CREDITING ALFA AESAR'S ACCOUNT FOR THE COST OF THE PRODUCT IN THE MANNER SET FORTH ABOVE SHALL CONSTITUTE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF DISTRIBUTOR WITH RESPECT TO ANY WARRANTY GIVEN HEREIN RELATING TO ANY PRODUCT SOLD OR DELIVERED HEREUNDER.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, the parties waive and relinquish any claims, demands, causes of action or recoveries for punitive damages, exemplary damages, or statutory damages.

Any rejection or revocation of acceptance by Buyer (a) must be made within thirty (30) days of the products being made available for shipment to Buyer, (b) any attempted rejection or revocation of acceptance made thereafter shall be null and void, and (c) any rejection or revocation of acceptance shall comply with Seller's return protocol.

Buyer shall obtain comprehensive general liability coverage, including contractual liability coverage, naming Seller as an additional named insured, in amounts sufficient to fully protect Seller under this Agreement from loss, damage or casualty caused by Buyer or incurred by Seller under this Agreement.

Each party agrees to maintain and provide the other with evidence of insurance coverage for comprehensive general liability in an amount no less than $2,000,000.00 U.S. dollars.

GLOBAL MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT (

"Company" or "AZUL",

AVIONS DE TRANSPORT REGIONAL

Hereinafter individually referred to as the "Party" or collectively as the "Parties", as the context requires.

AZUL LINHAS AREAS BRASILEIRAS S/A

the "Repairer"or "ATR",

March 9th 2015

"End Date"



means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate:   (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or,   (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or,   (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");

The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").

The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.

Upon expiry of the Initial Term, this Agreement [*****] unless a Notice of non-renewal is given by either Party to the other Party [*****] prior to the expiry of the Initial Term or the end of a renewal period, if any.

Upon expiry of the Initial Term, this Agreement [*****] unless a Notice of non-renewal is given by either Party to the other Party [*****] prior to the expiry of the Initial Term or the end of a renewal period, if any.

relating to the subject matter of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or the Company/Repairer relationship being established, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A. as applied to contracts to be performed wholly within the State of New York (Exclusive of Section 7-101 of the New York General Obligations Law which is inapplicable to this Agreement).

Pursuant to and in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law, the Parties hereto agree that this Agreement in all respects, and any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Agreement, or any dealing between the Parties

Each Item listed in Exhibit 3 ("Main Elements covered under this Agreement") and Exhibit 6 ("LRUs covered by repair and standardexchange Services") withdrawn from the Stock and used by the Company shall be exclusively repaired by the Repairer.

the receipt of such Notice by the Repairer or any other lesser period to be granted by the Repairer.

Early termination fee: subject to not being in breach of any of its obligation under the Agreement, the Company may terminate this Agreement for convenience by way of Notice of termination; the Agreement shall be then terminated following a [*****] period as from

nothing in this Agreement shall in any way restrict any change in shareholding or control of the Parties or its Affiliates or the Repairer's rights to delegate obligations of it hereunder to a Subcontractor. provided that, in such case, the Repairer will remain responsible for the provision of the Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

provided such assignment or transfer, change in shareholding or control has no material adverse effect on any of the Company's rights and obligations under this Agreement.

Consequently either this Agreement or any of the respective rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder may be assigned or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, in any form whatsoever (including by way of change of Control), by either Party subject to the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and any attempt to do so without such consent shall be null and void.

the Parties may at any time assign or transfer all or part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates provided that such assignment or transfer is previously notified to the other Party.

Consequently either this Agreement or any of the respective rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder may be assigned or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, in any form whatsoever (including by way of change of Control), by either Party subject to the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and any attempt to do so without such consent shall be null and void.

Company's audit: at any time during the Term, the Repairer may:     (i) audit the management and the performance of the Company's maintenance activities which are still under Company'sresponsibility; and/or,     (ii) arrange for operational visits, in order to check that the Company complies with its obligations under this Agreement; and/or,     (iii) investigate in any place, with the assistance of the Company, the causes of any abnormal removal or failure rate of any Itemand/or Abnormal Use.

Company shall have the right, under EUR OPS or PART M equivalent applicable regulation approval, to audit the management and the performance of the Services provided by the Repairer under this Agreement, subject to giving a [*****] prior Notice to the Repairer.

The cost of any such audits by the Company's representative(s) shall be borne by the Company unless if, as a result of that audit, the Repairer is found to be in Default, in which cases the cost of such audit will be borne by the Repairer.

The Repairer or its agent shall have the right to inspect the Advanced Pool Stock and to audit any records relating thereto at any reasonable time upon giving prior written notice to the Company.

The Company shall provide full access to enable the Repairer to conduct periodic inventory inspection of the Advanced Pool Stock.

Inventory of the Stock: the Repairer or any representative it designates shall have the right to inspect the Stock and to audit any records relating thereto at any reasonable time upon giving prior Notice to the Company, which shall provide full access to such Stock to enable the Repairer to conduct periodic inventory inspections and/or any audit of the Stock.

The Repairer shall give a Notice to the Company no later than [*****] prior to such audit or operational visit.

SUBJECT TO CLAUSE 15.2 BELOW, THE REPAIRER, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO THE COMPANY FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING UNDER OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER ARISING FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY, MISREPRESENTATION OR OTHERWISE):

[*****]

[*****]

For used LRUs and Main Elements repaired and overhauled by the Repairer, the warranty period shall start on the date of Delivery and shall end [*****] thereafter, whichever occurs the earliest, and such warranty shall be subject to the exclusions of warranty set forth in Exhibit 10 ("LRUs Repair Service") and in Exhibit 11 ("Main Elements Services").

Without prejudice to any term and condition under this Agreement, the Company shall maintain in force, at all times during the Term and [*****], at its own costs and expenses, with insurers of internationally recognized

reputation reasonably acceptable to the Repairer, insurances in accordance with industry standards with respect to the undertakings of the Company in Clause 15 ("Liability and Indemnity") of this Agreement including

In respect of all of the above insurances to contain breach or warranty provisions and confirmation the policies shall not be cancelled or materially changed without [*****] prior written notice [*****] or such lesser period in respect of War and Allied Peril).

In respect of Liability Insurance, the Repairer shall be named as additional insured and loss payee, as relevant, to the extent required under Clause 15 ("Liability and Indemnity"), with severability of interest and confirmation that the Company policy shall be primary without right of contribution.

Main Elements Service (Exhibit 11): each Spare Main Element to be delivered by the Repairer to the Company shall be insured by the Company, for not less than its full replacement value, under the Hull Insurance when installed on the Aircraft in addition to the agreed value of such Aircraft and under the Spares All Risk Insurance while in Stock prior to attachment or following removal and replacement from the Aircraft, including transportation to and from the Company.

In respect of Hull and Spares All Risk Insurances, the Repairer shall be named as additional insured and loss payee for their respective rights and interests, to the extent required under Clause 15 ("Liability and Indemnity") of this Agreement.

Prior to the Delivery Date and upon each renewal of any policy, the Company shall supply the Repairer with certificates of insurancecompliant with the terms and conditions set out in Clause 8 of this Agreement.

Upon each renewal of the relevant insurance policies, the Company shall on reasonable request provide the Repairer with relevant insurance certificates in order to evidence insurance is maintained in accordance with this Clause 8.

Lease of Stock (Exhibit 8 Clause 2.2) and Advanced Pool Service (Exhibit 15): the Items of the Stock shall be insured by theCompany under Spares All Risk Insurance for not less than the full replacement value; and,

At the latest upon the Signing Date, the Company shall provide the Repairer with relevant insurance certificates, in English, evidencing insurance requirements of this Clause 8, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Repairer, to be attached to this Agreement in the Exhibit 17 ("Insurance certificates").

The Repairer shall at its own expense procure and maintain in force, with insurers of internationally recognized reputation acceptable to the Company an Aviation Liability insurance which should include:

  (i) Aviation Products Liability insurance: the Repairer shall maintain or shall cause its Subcontractors to maintain a Products Liability Insurance during the performance of the Services up to an amount not less than [*****] per occurrence and in the annual aggregate; and,     (ii) Hangar Keeper Liability insurance: the Repairer shall maintain or shall cause its Subcontractors to maintain during the performance ofthe Services an Hangar Keeper Liability Insurance in an amount of not less than [*****] any one occurrence.

SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

Client

Pelican Delivers Inc.

Developer

(Developer and Client are individually referred to herein as a Party, and collectively as the Parties

DOT COM LLC, OBA Seattle Software Developers

December 3rd, 2018 (

December 3rd, 2018

Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).

This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Washington without regards for its conflict of laws principle.

The Client and the Designer both agree to never to disparage or speak ill of the other party to anyone and or post negative or disparaging comments Online regarding any of the Designer's products, services, affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees or shareholders, and will take reasonable steps to prevent and will not knowingly permit any of their respective employees or agents to, disparage or speak ill of such persons.

The Client and Designer both agree not to post on defamatory websites or review websites any negative posts concerning each other, the names of our companies, and our employees.

Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time during the term of this Agreement for any reason upon two weeks written notice to the other Party.

Unless as provided herein, neither Party may assign, delegate, assign, nor subcontract their obligations and duties hereunder without the prior written consent of the non-assigning Party.

Upon payment in full of all obligations hereunder, Developer unconditionally and irrevocably grants to Client all software, improvements, code and other work produce produced by the Developer during the course of this agreement.

To the extent permissible, Developer hereby assigns and transfers to Client all copyright and other intellectual property ownership in the Works.

Except as otherwise detailed in this Agreement, the Parties acknowledge and agree that the Subject Program including without limitation the Deliverables and Documentation (collectively, the Works) are "work made for hire" in accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.  101 et seq.

To assist Developer to complete all Project-related Services and deliverable Deliverables to Client in a complete and timely manner, Client shall provide Developer access and licensed rights to the following as necessary to complete the Project: (a) text, software, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, designs, compilations, magnetic translations, digital conversion interactive features and the like (collectively, the Content); (b) any trademarks, service marks, trade dress and logos, whether owned or licensed by Client (collectively, the Marks); and (c) any know-how, methodologies, equipment, or processes used by Client in its operations {collectively, the Procedures); and (d) Client's Confidential Information (as defined below).

As such, Client hereby grants Developer a royalty-free, worldwide, license to use its Content, Marks, Procedures and Confidential Information in order to complete the Project.

In the event of a termination or expiration of this Agreement or any SOW for any reason, developer will, as requested by and at additional cost to Client, provide up to three (3) months of Fee billable assistance (collectively, the Termination Assistance Services) in transitioning from Developer to an alternative software service provider including, without limitation, the following: (a) knowledge transfer regarding the operation, use, and support of the subject Program; return of all documentation containing Content, Marks, Procedures a d Confidential Information in a format reasonably specified by Client and assistance with data migration to an alternative solution; and (c) any related additional services as requested by Client.

If elected pursuant to the Agreement, Developer will provide Client Termination Assistance Services at an hourly rate of $[125.00 per hour].

AMENDMENT                                      TO THE                               DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT                                      BETWEEN                                   INGRAM MICRO                                        AND                                      NETGEAR

NETGEAR

Ingram Micro

Distributor

NETGEAR, Inc.

October 1,1996

October 1,1996

During the initial one year period beginning on the Amendment Date,          Distributor shall be the only distributor appointed by NETGEAR in [*],          subject to Distributor conducting mutually agreed to marketing          activities as described in the Marketing Plan for [*] to be developed          and agreed to by and between the parties and which shall be attached to          and made a part of this Agreement as Exhibit 4a.

FIRST AMENDMENT TO DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Licensor

NEON Systems, Inc.

Peregrine/Bridge Transfer Corporation

Licensee

1st day of January, 1999

This Agreement shall be effective           through and including March 31, 2004.

Upon the expiration           of such term, this Agreement will renew automatically for           successive terms of one (1) year each unless either party to           this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the           other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior           to the end of the original or any renewal term.

Upon the expiration           of such term, this Agreement will renew automatically for           successive terms of one (1) year each unless either party to           this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the           other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior           to the end of the original or any renewal term.

This Amendment shall be governed by and construed under the law governing the Distributor Agreement.

Licensor and Licensee do hereby agree that this Amendment shall effect a change in the nature of the distributorship granted to Licensee pursuant to the Distributor Agreement from a non-exclusive to an exclusive distributorship (provided, however, that with respect to Licensor's Partitioned Database Facility product, Licensor also may license such product to International Business Machines Corporation for sublicensing and distribution).

exclusive rights (including without limitation such references in Sections 2.1

Any and all references in the Distributor Agreement to the rights granted to Licensee as non-exclusive rights are hereby amended to provide that such rights are

conditions that may be included in any such purchase and sale           agreement, Licensee shall have no obligation to consummate the           acquisition of the assets of, or stock in, Licensor pursuant to its           exercise of the Option if Licensee's board of directors should           determine, in its sole discretion, that such acquisition would not be           accretive to the value of Licensee.

If Licensee shall fail to give notice of the exercise of           its right of first

Skunkware and Licensor hereby           grant to Licensee the exclusive and irrevocable right and option to           purchase (the "Option"), at Licensee's election, either (i) all of the           assets of Licensor or (ii) all of the issued and outstanding stock of           Licensor.

Such option shall be exercisable during a period (the           "Option Period") commencing on and including the earlier of (i) the           date upon which Licensee shall have paid to Licensor, in any single           fiscal year of Licensee, royalty payments hereunder in the aggregate           amount of $10,000,000 or (ii) January 1, 2002, and ending upon the           expiration or sooner termination of this Agreement.

Licensee shall have the right and a first opportunity           to purchase, lease or otherwise acquire, as the case may be, all or           the applicable portion of such stock or assets (as specified in the           applicable Offering Notice) on the Terms and Conditions set forth in           the Offering Notice, such right to be exercised by notice in writing           to the Offeree within ninety (90) days after the giving of the           Offering Notice.

Notwithstanding the foregoing provision for arbitration           concerning the terms of any purchase and sale agreement, and without





          limiting any other

Upon any such exercise of the Option,           Licensee and Licensor or Skunkware (as the case may be) shall proceed           to diligently and in good faith negotiate and execute a definitive           purchase and sale agreement for Licensor's acquisition of all of the           assets of, or outstanding capital stock in, Licensor, as the case may           be.

If, at any time or from           time to time during the term hereof, Licensor or any stockholder in           Licensor shall have received a bona fide offer from any person or           entity to sell, transfer or otherwise convey all or any stock in, or           assets of, Licensor which Licensor or such stockholder, as the case           may be (the "Offeree"), desires to accept, the Offeree shall first           give written notice (the "Offering Notice") to Licensee of the           financial and other terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions")           of such offer.

Any sale,           transfer or other conveyance of all or any part of the stock in, or           assets of, Licensor in violation of this Section shall be null and           void.

If Licensee shall have exercised such right, the           closing shall be held at the corporate offices of Licensee on the           closing date specified in the Offering Notice or the date that is           ninety (90) days after the date of Licensee's notice of its exercise           of such right, whichever is later.

If such sale, transfer           or conveyance is not consummated in accordance with the offer and the           Terms and Conditions specified in the applicable Offering Notice, the           rights of Licensee to an Offering Notice shall be reinstated.  No           exercise or waiver by Licensee of any of its rights hereunder shall           modify, abridge, impair or affect any of Licensee's rights under any           of the other terms or provisions of this Agreement.

Licensee's           exercise of the Option is at its sole discretion.  Licensee may           exercise the Option by written notice to Licensor and Skunkware at any           time during the Option Period.

refusal under this Section within such ninety (90) day period, or if           Licensee shall notify the Offeree within such ninety (90) day period           that Licensee has waived such right, then the Offeree shall have the           right to sell, transfer or convey all or the applicable portion of the           stock in, or assets of, Licensor (as specified in the Offering Notice)           pursuant to the terms of the specific offer described in the           applicable Offering Notice, but not otherwise.

Skunkware further agrees that, so long as the Option shall be in           existence (whether or not exercisable), it shall be and remain the           sole Stockholder Licensor, and Licensor shall not issue to any other           person or entity any stock, warrants or similar rights to acquire           equity interests in Licensor.

So long as the Option shall be in existence           (whether or not exercisable), Skunkware and Licensor agree that           Licensor will conduct its business in the ordinary course and will           not, without the prior written consent of Licensee, merge or           consolidated with any other entity, sell all or substantially all of           its assets, grant or permit to exist any lien or encumbrance on any           material portion of its assets, issue any securities to any person           other than Skunkware or engage in any other transaction or enter into           any other agreement other than in the ordinary course of business.

Any sale,           transfer or other conveyance of all or any part of the stock in, or           assets of, Licensor in violation of this Section shall be null and           void.

On or before the first day of each           fiscal quarter of each fiscal year during the term hereof, commencing           with the Licensee's fiscal year which begins on April 1, 1999,           Licensee shall pay to Licensor, as an advance (a "Royalty Advance") of           royalties anticipated to be paid hereunder during such fiscal year, an           amount equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the Annual Royalty           Advance Requirement for such fiscal year.

Licensee shall pay to Licensor for each Licensed                          Product licensed to a Redistributor or a Customer a





                         royalty equal to the Specified Royalty Percentage of                          all revenues received (without deduction for value                          added tax, if any, but excluding any revenues for                          maintenance and support or upgrade services, which                          revenues are covered in paragraph (b) below) by                          Licensee under the Redistributor Agreement or                          Sublicense applicable to such Licensed Product.

Licensee shall pay to Licensor for maintenance and                          support and upgrade services provided under the                          applicable Sublicense or other written maintenance and                          support agreement with or approved by Licensee for each                          of the Licensed Products a royalty equal to the                          Specified Royalty Percentage of all revenues received                          (without deduction for value added tax, if any) by                          Licensee from a Redistributor or Customer relating to                          maintenance and support services or services for                          Upgrades or upgrades of systems for such Licensed                          Products.

SOFTWARE LICENSE AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

GARMAN ROUTING SYSTEMS, INC.

SPARKLING

GARMAN

SPARKLING SPRING WATER GROUP LIMITED

____ day of May, 2000

This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.

For a renewable one-year term commencing upon the Maintenance Commencement Date, subject to payment of maintenance fees in accordance with the Fee Schedule but without additional fees or charges, Garman shall provide the following Maintenance Services:

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Nova Scotia and the laws of Canada applicable in Nova Scotia.

During the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year thereafter, both parties agree not to hire or allow its respective affiliates to hire any employee of the other party, or any person who was an employee of the other party during the previous six months and who was directly involved in the provision of services under this Agreement.

Sparkling may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) calendar days written notice to Garman.

(c)    not assign this Agreement or transfer, lease, export or grant a sublicence of the Work to any Person, except as and when authorized to do so by Garman in writing;

Sparkling shall:

Neither party may assign this Agreement or any rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party without the written consent of the other party.

Garman hereby grants to Sparkling, for the use of Sparkling and affiliated companies of Sparkling operating at Authorized Locations, a non-transferable and non-exclusive licence to use: (i) the Software, safely in executable object code format, at each AS400 at each of the Authorized Locations; and (ii) the Documentation.

Garman hereby grants to Sparkling, a perpetual, fully paid, non-exclusive license entitling Sparkling to use and reproduce the Codes deposited with it pursuant to Section (a) to change, update, add to, or substitute the Codes, the Software or any part thereof, limited to Sparkling's needs for the use and improvement of the Software or Sparkling's operations, provided that Sparkling shall only be entitled to utilize such license if Sparkling terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 17(c) due to Garman's default, or if Garman ceases to support the Software as required pursuant to this Agreement.

Garman hereby grants to Sparkling, for the use of Sparkling and affiliated companies of Sparkling operating at Authorized Locations, a non-transferable and non-exclusive licence to use: (i) the Software, safely in executable object code format, at each AS400 at each of the Authorized Locations; and (ii) the Documentation.

Garman hereby grants to Sparkling, a perpetual, fully paid, non-exclusive license entitling Sparkling to use and reproduce the Codes deposited with it pursuant to Section (a) to change, update, add to, or substitute the Codes, the Software or any part thereof, limited to Sparkling's needs for the use and improvement of the Software or Sparkling's operations, provided that Sparkling shall only be entitled to utilize such license if Sparkling terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 17(c) due to Garman's default, or if Garman ceases to support the Software as required pursuant to this Agreement.

The Source Code on each AS400 shall be the most current version of all Codes for all corrections, bug fixes, Improvements and new releases of the Software which are licensed by Sparkling hereunder.

Immediately upon execution of this Agreement, Garman shall maintain on each AS400 at an Authorized Location the most current version of:

            (1)   all source code for the Software in machine readable form,                   with user option to print;

            (2)   all program and user documentation in machine readable and                   printed form;

            (3)   all tools such as compilers, assemblers, linkers and editors                   required to make the source code into the functional Software                   operating in accordance with the Specifications as amended                   from time to time;

            (4)   a complete explanation of any procedures that are not standard                   practice, required to create from the source code the                   functional Software; (5) all documentation listing program and                   module inputs and their sources, outputs and their                   destinations, and any other relevant program and module                   documentation,

(collectively, the "Codes").

Sparkling shall not be entitled to make use of the Codes except as provided in Section (b), provided that Sparkling may itself or by retaining independent experts, examine and test the materials for compliance with the obligations of Garman hereunder.

If this Agreement is terminated by Sparkling, due to Garman's default, the license herein granted shall continue, but shall be converted to a perpetual license pursuant to which Sparkling shall not be required to pay any further fees to Garman hereunder, and Garman shall immediately return all fees paid under this Agreement for services





not yet rendered.

The exclusive remedy of either party in a claim against the other under this Agreement shall be the recovery of its direct damages.

In no event shall either party be liable to the other for the recovery of any special, indirect or consequential damages even if the defendant party had been advised of the possibility of such damages including but not limited to lost profits, lost revenues, failure to realize expected savings, loss of data and loss of use.

For the acceptance period and for a period of one year from the Maintenance Commencement Date, and thereafter for as long as the Software is covered by Maintenance Services and is used by Sparkling in accordance with this Agreement, Garman warrants that the Software shall perform in conformance with the Specifications in all material respects.

If during the acceptance period described in Section 6, the Software has failed to perform in accordance with the Specifications and Garman has been unable to correct the deficiency within 45 business days of written notice being provided to Garman of such failure then Sparkling shall have the option, exercisable on 15 business days written notice to Garman, in lieu of any other remedy, to reject the Software.

For each new Authorized Location, upon written notice by Garman of the completion of the installation of the Software as contracted for in Section 4 including training provided for in Section 5, Sparkling shall operate and test the Software for an acceptance period of 30 business days in accordance with Sparkling's normal operating practices.

If Garman does not receive notice of any deficiencies within ten (10) business days after the completion of the acceptance period, then Sparkling shall be deemed to have accepted the Software at that Authorized Location.

REMARKETING AGREEMENT

[]

Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund

Fund

Remarketing Agent

Investment Adviser

Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC

[]

This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, except Section 25 below, which shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,

in each case without regard to conflict of laws principles that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.

The Fund hereby appoints [], and [] hereby accepts such appointment, as the exclusive Remarketing Agent of the VRRM-MFP Shares for the Variable Rate Remarketed Mode for the purpose of establishing on each Business Day the Dividend Rate in respect of the VRRM-MFP Shares and, in connection with a tender, remarketing such VRRM-MFP Shares on behalf of the Beneficial Owners or Holders thereof, as applicable, and calculating the Purchase Price therefor, among other things; and performing such other duties as are assigned to the Remarketing Agent in the Supplement, all pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Supplement and this Agreement.

The rights and obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may not be assigned or delegated to any other person without the prior written consent of the Fund.

The rights and obligations of the Fund and the Investment Adviser hereunder may not be assigned or delegated to any other person without the prior written consent of the Remarketing Agent.

The Remarketing Agent shall keep such books and records with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder as shall be consistent with prudent industry practice and shall, to the extent permitted by law, make such books and records available for inspection by the Fund on reasonable notice during normal business hours.

Any costs and expenses associated with such inspections shall be for the account of the party requesting such inspection.

Notwithstanding any prior termination of this Agreement, [], solely in its capacity as Remarketing Agent, hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not, prior to the date which is one year and one day after the redemption and the payment in full of the VRRM-MFP Shares and all accumulated dividends, petition or otherwise invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing a case against, the Fund under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Fund or any substantial part of the property of the Fund; provided, however, that nothing in this provision shall preclude, or be deemed to stop, the Remarketing Agent from taking any action prior to the expiration of the aforementioned one year and one day period in (x) any case or proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by the Fund, (y) any involuntary insolvency proceeding filed or commenced against the Fund by a Person other than the Remarketing Agent, or (z) with respect to its rights or preferences as a Beneficial Owner or Holder of VRRM-MFP Shares.

RESTATED NET INVESTMENT INCOME MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT,

Securian Funds Trust

Advantus Capital  Management, Inc.

the "Fund"

the "Investment Adviser"

Trust's Advantus Money Market Fund

the "Underwriter"

Securian Financial Services, Inc.

the "Trust"

May 1, 2012

May 1, 2012

This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such  continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party  to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").

This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such  continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party  to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees")

Yield Maintenance Agreement

UBS AG

Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2006-6 Trust

Counterparty

on behalf of Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2006-6 Trust

Wells Fargo Bank

27 April 2006

01 April 2006

1 April 2009

The parties to this Agreement hereby agree that the law         of the State of New York shall govern their rights and duties in whole         without regard to the conflict of law provisions thereof (other than New         York General Obligations Law Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402).

No transfer, amendment, waiver, supplement, assignment or other modification of this Transaction (other than the pledge of this Transaction to the Master Servicer pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement) shall be permitted by either party unless Moody's and Fitch have been provided notice of the same and confirm in writing (including by facsimile transmission) that they will not downgrade, qualify, withdraw or otherwise modify its then-current rating of the Certificates; provided however that except with respect to a transfer at the direction of UBS, nothing in this provision shall impose any obligation on UBS to give notice to any rating agency.

Notwithstanding any provision herein or in the ISDA Form         to the contrary, the obligations of Counterparty hereunder are limited         recourse obligations of Counterparty, payable solely from the Trust         Estate (as defined in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement) and the         proceeds thereof to satisfy Counterparty's obligations hereunder.

Strategic Alliance Agreement

ARGO

Yaskawa Electric Corporation

YEC

Argo Medical Technologies Ltd.

September 24, 2013

September 24, 2013

Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.

This agreement will be governed by and must be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel

Pursuant to the DA, and subject to its terms, ARGO agreed to appoint YEC as the exclusive distributor of its products in the Territory specified therein, and YEC agreed to market and distribute Argo's products in a professional manner

During the performance of the any of the collaborative efforts set forth in this Agreement, each of ARGO and YEC agrees not to engage in any attempt whatsoever to hire, or to engage as independent contractors, the other's employees or independent contractors during the term of the collaboration and for a period of twelve (12) months following expiration or termination of the collaboration, except as may be mutually agreed in writing.

Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.

provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.

Neither this Agreement nor any part of this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.

Any assignment or transfer without such consent shall be null and void.

GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

PennTex North Louisiana Operating, LLC

MRD Operating LLC

Transporter

Hereinafter, Transporter and Customer may sometimes be referred to collectively as the "Parties" and individually as a "Party

Customer

14t h day of April, 2015

14t h day of April, 2015

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").

This Agreement is entered into in the State of Texas and shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.

AMI/MEA Agreement" shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Area of Mutual Interest and Midstream Exclusivity Agreement dated April 14, 2015 among PennTex North Louisiana, LLC, Customer, PennTex NLA Holdings, LLC and MRD WHR LA Midstream LLC, as such agreement may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

During the Term, subject to the terms of the AMI/MEA Agreement, Customer dedicates and commits to this Agreement, and shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Transportation System for transportation hereunder, all of Customer's owned or controlled residue Gas delivered from any of the Plants.

This Agreement may not be assigned, disposed of, alienated or otherwise transferred by either Party, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, except as provided below.

For each Day during the Term, (i) Transporter agrees to provide Firm Service on the Transportation System for Customer Gas delivered to the Transportation System in a quantity not to exceed Customer's Firm Service Gas for such Day, and Interruptible Service for all quantities in excess of Customer's Firm Service Gas for such Day, and deliver to Customer, or for the account of Customer, at the applicable Points of Delivery, Equivalent Quantities of Customer Gas received at the Points of Receipt, and (ii) Customer, or its designee, shall accept such Equivalent Quantities of Customer Gas at the Points of Delivery.

Each Party or its designated representatives shall, upon reasonable notice to the other Party, have the right, no more frequently than two (2) times per twelve (12) consecutive calendar Months, at its own expense, at reasonable times and during normal business hours, to examine the books and records of such other Party to the extent necessary to verify the accuracy of any statement, charge, computation, or demand made under or pursuant to this Agreement.

NO PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR OTHER BUSINESS INTERRUPTION DAMAGES, BY STATUTE, IN TORT OR CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT LIMIT A PARTY'S RIGHT TO RECOVERY HEREUNDER FOR ANY SUCH DAMAGES TO THE EXTENT SUCH PARTY IS REQUIRED TO PAY SUCH DAMAGES TO A THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH A MATTER FOR WHICH SUCH PARTY IS OTHERWISE ENTITLED TO INDEMNIFICATION HEREUNDER

NO PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR OTHER BUSINESS INTERRUPTION DAMAGES, BY STATUTE, IN TORT OR CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT LIMIT A PARTY'S RIGHT TO RECOVERY HEREUNDER FOR ANY SUCH DAMAGES TO THE EXTENT SUCH PARTY IS REQUIRED TO PAY SUCH DAMAGES TO A THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH A MATTER FOR WHICH SUCH PARTY IS OTHERWISE ENTITLED TO INDEMNIFICATION HEREUNDER.

CUSTOMER SHALL RELEASE, DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS TRANSPORTER AND TRANSPORTER'S MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL SUITS, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, CLAIMS, DEMANDS, LOSSES, LIABILITIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INTEREST, COURT COSTS, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES AND EXPENSES, AND OTHER COSTS OF DEFENSE) (COLLECTIVELY, "CLAIMS") RELATING TO, CAUSED BY OR ARISING OUT OF CUSTOMER'S BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR COVENANT MADE BY CUSTOMER HEREUNDER, BUT NOT TO THE PROPORTIONATE EXTENT THAT SUCH CLAIM IS CAUSED BY OR RESULTS FROM OR ARISES OUT OF THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF TRANSPORTER.

OUTSOURCING AGREEMENT

the Customer

SILICON SMELTERS << Pty >> Ltd

ESPACIO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, SA.

EIT

1st day of January, 2009,

The present Agreement is effective as from 1 January 2009

1st day of January, 2009,

It is established by calendar year and renewed tacitly every year.

The Agreement rests, for all that, cancellable at any time by any of the parties before the expiry date of the Agreement or any of itsrenewals, upon three months prior written notice.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Spain.

The Agreement rests, for all that, cancellable at any time by any of the parties before the expiry date of the Agreement or any of itsrenewals, upon three months prior written notice.

The liability of EIT will be limited to a value equal to contractual value as per clause 7.1 and will not exceed this value.

MARKETING AND RESELLER AGREEMENT

Todos

Todos Medical Ltd.

Care G. B. Plus Ltd.

Reseller

20t h day of December 2018

20t h day of December 2018

This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.

Thereafter, at the end of each renewal term, the Agreement shall renew for an additional two (2) years unless one party provides the other party with prior written notice of non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.

Upon completion of the Initial Term, provided that the Reseller has achieved the Annual Milestones, the term of the Agreement shall be automatically renewed for an additional five (5) years.

Thereafter, at the end of each renewal term, the Agreement shall renew for an additional two (2) years unless one party provides the other party with prior written notice of non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, and the courts of Tel-Aviv, Israel

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Todos hereby grants the Reseller a non-sublicensable, non-transferable, exclusive right to distribute and sell the Products to Customers in the Territory; provided, however, that Reseller may sub-license or transfer its distribution rights to a subsidiary or affiliate of the Reseller.

If the Reseller sells less than 50% of any year's Annual Milestone, Todos, in its sole discretion, may either (a) cancel the Reseller's exclusivity, and market, distribute, and sell the Products in the Territory directly or indirectly through other distributors and resellers, while leaving the Reseller with a non-exclusive right to distribute and sell the Products for the remainder of the term, or (b) terminate the Agreement upon one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice, provided that the Reseller does not cure its failure to achieve 50% of the applicable year's Annual Milestone within the 180-day notice period.

The Reseller's exclusive right to market and sell the Products in the Territory is subject to the Reseller achieving the following milestones by the end of each year this Agreement is in effect (the "Annual Milestones"): Year Annual Milestone(s) Year 1 Not Applicable Each Year Thereafter The parties will agree at the beginning of the year on the Annual Milestone for such year

The Reseller shall have a right of first refusal to include within this Agreement any additional products developed, manufactured, or sold by the Company following the Effective Date that are not currently included in Exhibit A, and upon the exercise of such right, the term "Products" shall be expanded to mean such additional products as well.

This Agreement and the rights granted hereunder shall not be assigned, encumbered by security interest or otherwise transferred by the Reseller without the prior written consent of Todos, except for the assignment or transfer of rights to a subsidiary company or an affiliated company.

If the Reseller sells less than 50% of any year's Annual Milestone, Todos, in its sole discretion, may either (a) cancel the Reseller's exclusivity, and market, distribute, and sell the Products in the Territory directly or indirectly through other distributors and resellers, while leaving the Reseller with a non-exclusive right to distribute and sell the Products for the remainder of the term, or (b) terminate the Agreement upon one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice, provided that the Reseller does not cure its failure to achieve 50% of the applicable year's Annual Milestone within the 180-day notice period.

Todos shall ship ordered Products to the Reseller within ninety (90) days of Todos's acceptance of the applicable purchase order DAP Reseller's warehouse (Incoterms 2010), provided that Reseller's order for the Products does not deviate from the applicable Forecast by more than ten percent (10%).

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Todos hereby grants Reseller a limited license to use the Todos name and Todos's trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos and related symbols (the "Todos Marks") in the performance of its activities hereunder and in the marketing of the Products in the Territory.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Todos hereby grants the Reseller a non-sublicensable, non-transferable, exclusive right to distribute and sell the Products to Customers in the Territory; provided, however, that Reseller may sub-license or transfer its distribution rights to a subsidiary or affiliate of the Reseller.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Todos hereby grants the Reseller a non-sublicensable, non-transferable, exclusive right to distribute and sell the Products to Customers in the Territory; provided, however, that Reseller may sub-license or transfer its distribution rights to a subsidiary or affiliate of the Reseller.

The Reseller shall be entitled to enter into agreements with its subsidiaries and affiliates to act as sub-distributors and/or selling agents of the Products in the Territory.

During the term and for a period of three (3) years following the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the Reseller shall maintain complete books of accounts and records consistent with sound business and accounting principles and practices consistently applied.

Todos shall have the right to conduct periodic on-site inspections to ensure the quality control of the cancer screening processes and the Reseller's compliance with Todos's protocols.

Todos shall have the right to have an inspection and audit of all the relevant accounting and sales books and records of Reseller conducted by an independent auditor reasonably acceptable to both parties

Except with regard to a breach of confidentiality, a party's indemnification obligations hereunder, or infringement of intellectual property rights, either party's total liability to the other party under this Agreement shall be limited to the amounts paid or payable by the Reseller to Todos during the twelve-month period preceding the interposition of the claim.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTIES, FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Except with regard to a breach of confidentiality, a party's indemnification obligations hereunder, or infringement of intellectual property rights, either party's total liability to the other party under this Agreement shall be limited to the amounts paid or payable by the Reseller to Todos during the twelve-month period preceding the interposition of the claim.

Todos warrants that for a period of one (1) year from the date of delivery of each Product to the Reseller, the Product, except for those components that have a shorter expiration date as set forth on Exhibit A, shall perform substantially in accordance with the Product's documentation and specifications, and shall be free from all defects in materials, manufacture, and workmanship.

Each party shall carry appropriate and commercially reasonable amounts of insurance adequate for the activities detailed in this Agreement, as well as sufficient levels of all legally mandated insurance, if any.

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Principal

Co-Diagnostics, Inc.

Distributor

PreCheck Health Services, Inc.

19t h day of March, 2020

This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Texas without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.

Unless accepted by the Principal, the Distributor agrees that during the term of this Agreement, the Distributor, either directly or indirectly, shall handle no products that are competitive with the Products within the Territory.

This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.

This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Distributor without the prior written consent of the Principal.

In the event of termination, the Distributor shall be entitled to receive all orders accepted by the Principal prior to the date of termination and may sell the ordered Products in the Territory.

In the event of termination, neither party, their heirs nor successors shall issue any challenge whatsoever to contest the termination.

Software Hosting Agreement

INKTOMI CORPORATION

MICROSOFT CORPORATION

Inktomi

Microsoft

7/27

This Software Hosting Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into and effective as of the later of the two signature dates below (the "Effective Date")

, 1997

"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.

This Agreement shall be construed, enforced, performed and in all respects governed by and in accordance with the laws in the State of Washington.

Microsoft may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause upon [*] ([*]) days prior written notice.

Except as expressly permitted hereunder or in Exhibit F hereto, neither party may transfer, assign or sublicense this Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder, whether by contract or by operation of law, except with the express written consent of the other party, and any attempted transfer, assignment or sublicense by a party in violation of this Section shall be void. For purposes of this Agreement, an "transfer" under this Section shall be deemed to include, without limitation, the following: (a) a merger or any other combination of an entity with another party (other than a reincorporation of Inktomi from the State of California to the State of Delaware), whether or not the entity is the surviving entity; (b) any transaction or series of transactions whereby a third party acquires direct or indirect power to control the management and policies of an entity, whether through the acquisition of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise; (c) in the case of Inktomi, the sale or other transfer of Inktomi's search engine business or any other substantial portion of Inktomi's assets (whether in a single transaction or series of transactions), or (d) the transfer of any rights or obligations in the course of a liquidation or other similar reorganization of an entity (other than a reincorporation of Inktomi from the State of California to the State of Delaware).

Except as expressly permitted hereunder or in Exhibit F hereto, neither party may transfer, assign or sublicense this Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder, whether by contract or by operation of law, except with the express written consent of the other party, and any attempted transfer, assignment or sublicense by a party in violation of this Section shall be void.

Inktomi, and Inktomi hereby irrevocably assigns to Microsoft an [*] interest therein.

All Usage Data shall be owned jointly by Microsoft and





Inktomi, and Inktomi hereby irrevocably assigns to Microsoft an [*] interest therein.

termination of the Software Development Agreement and Information Services  Agreement (whichever is longer);

Inktomi will grant to Microsoft an irrevocable, non-exclusive,  royalty-free license to use the Product (and all required underlying Inktomi  Technology) solely in connection with Microsoft's operation of the Microsoft  Search Engine (which license shall include the right to create enhancements and  other derivative works based thereon for use in conjunction therewith) for such  period as Microsoft may require to transition its search engine services to  non-Inktomi technology (the "Transition Period"), and Inktomi will waive all  royalties otherwise payable pursuant to the Software Development Agreement  and/or the Information Services Agreement between the parties of even date  herewith; for the purposes of this clause (iv), the Transition Period will  commence at such time as Microsoft assumes control over said separate cluster  and begins itself operating the Microsoft Search Engine, and will continue  thereafter for eighteen months (18) or until the

Except as expressly permitted hereunder or in Exhibit F hereto, neither party may transfer, assign or sublicense this Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder, whether by contract or by operation of law, except with the express written consent of the other party, and any attempted transfer, assignment or sublicense by a party in violation of this Section shall be void.

Inktomi will direct the Escrow Agent to release to Microsoft all Confidential Materials held by the Escrow Agent, subject to Microsoft's agreement to use such Confidential Materials only in connection with its licensed rights under clause (iv) above;

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, should Microsoft exercise its termination right pursuant to this Section 10.2, then Inktomi will have the right to elect, in writing within fifteen (15) days after receipt of Microsoft's notice of termination hereunder, either one of the following two options for a early termination penalty:

                (a)   Inktomi may require Microsoft to pay to Inktomi, in  [*] immediately following the effective termination date, an amount equal to [*] ([*]) of all outstanding principal, interest and other amounts owed or owing to Microsoft by Inktomi on the date of termination under the Loan Agreement (and outstanding Promissory Notes issued thereunder); or

               (b)    Inktomi may deliver that portion of the Collateral (as defined in the Loan Agreement) which was purchased with Advances evidenced by the then-outstanding Promissory Notes (as defined in the Loan Agreement) (the "Returned Collateral") to Microsoft, and assign all right, title and interest in





and to said Returned Collateral to Microsoft, and promptly upon such delivery and assignment Inktomi may require Microsoft to pay to Inktomi, in [*]  immediately following the effective date of termination, an amount equal to [*] ([*]) of all outstanding principal, interest and other amounts owed or owing to Microsoft by Inktomi on the date of termination under the Loan Agreement (and outstanding Promissory Notes issued thereunder); provided, however, that the following conditions must be satisfied for Inktomi to be entitled to elect this alternative (b)-

(i)    Inktomi then owns all of the Returned Collateral and has [*]      the Returned Collateral [*], and [*] other than Lender;

          (ii)   Inktomi obtains any [*] reasonably required by Microsoft from      Inktomi's [*];

          (iii)  the Returned Collateral is returned in good condition and      repair, without any waste or unusual or unreasonable depreciation of      Returned Collateral;

          (iv)   Inktomi has not committed any act for which any portion of the      Returned Collateral might be confiscated by any governmental or private      entity;

          (v)    Inktomi has paid all taxes, assessments or similar obligations      affecting the Returned Collateral that are then due or have then accrued;

          (vi)   Inktomi [*] to Microsoft [*] that [*] of the [*] is [*] and      [*]; and

          (vii)  Inktomi, [*], arranges to deliver the Returned Collateral in a      manner and to a location designated by Microsoft.

Inktomi will permit Microsoft to have access to, and to make copies of, all such books and records for purposes of auditing and verifying such costs and expenses, provided that Microsoft shall give Inktomi reasonable notice prior to each requested audit and shall perform such audit during normal business hours at Inktomi's office(s) where such records are normally kept.

SECTION [*], NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE [*] (IN [*] WITH OR PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE ANCILLARY AGREEMENTS TAKEN AS A WHOLE) FOR ANY [*], [*] OR [*] [*] (INCLUDING [*]) [*] OF [*] ([*]) [*] OF THE [*] OF [*], EVEN IF [*] HAD BEEN [*] OF THE [*] OF SUCH [*].

EXCEPT FOR [*] CAUSED BY A [*] OF

SECTION [*], NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE [*] (IN [*] WITH OR PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE ANCILLARY AGREEMENTS TAKEN AS A WHOLE) FOR ANY [*], [*] OR [*] [*] (INCLUDING [*]) [*] OF [*] ([*]) [*] OF THE [*] OF [*], EVEN IF [*] HAD BEEN [*] OF THE [*] OF SUCH [*].

EXCEPT FOR [*] CAUSED BY A [*] OF

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, should Microsoft exercise its termination right pursuant to this Section 10.2, then Inktomi will have the right to elect, in writing within fifteen (15) days after receipt of Microsoft's notice of termination hereunder, either one of the following two options for a early termination penalty:

                (a)   Inktomi may require Microsoft to pay to Inktomi, in  [*] immediately following the effective termination date, an amount equal to [*] ([*]) of all outstanding principal, interest and other amounts owed or owing to Microsoft by Inktomi on the date of termination under the Loan Agreement (and outstanding Promissory Notes issued thereunder); or

               (b)    Inktomi may deliver that portion of the Collateral (as defined in the Loan Agreement) which was purchased with Advances evidenced by the then-outstanding Promissory Notes (as defined in the Loan Agreement) (the "Returned Collateral") to Microsoft, and assign all right, title and interest in





and to said Returned Collateral to Microsoft, and promptly upon such delivery and assignment Inktomi may require Microsoft to pay to Inktomi, in [*]  immediately following the effective date of termination, an amount equal to [*] ([*]) of all outstanding principal, interest and other amounts owed or owing to Microsoft by Inktomi on the date of termination under the Loan Agreement (and outstanding Promissory Notes issued thereunder)

to liability and property insurance covering the Hosting Servers and Inktomi's operation thereof) in accordance with the requirements set forth in the Software Development Agreement and Loan Agreement between the parties of even date herewith.

Inktomi will maintain insurance (including but not limited

SERVICES AGREEMENT

Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.

Oaktree US

Oaktree Capital Management (International) Limited

Sub-Advisor

25 September 2018

25 September 2018

In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.

This Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.

This Agreement may be terminated, either in respect of a Fund or in its entirety, by either Oaktree US or the Sub-Advisor for any reason upon 30 days' written notice to the other.

The Sub-Advisor may not assign (within the meaning of the Advisers Act) its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Oaktree US.

Upon the termination of this Agreement, the Sub-Advisor shall co-operate with Oaktree US and take all reasonable steps requested by Oaktree US in making an orderly transition to allow for continuity of management and to ensure that such termination shall not prejudice the completion of transactions already initiated.

The Sub-Advisor shall provide to Oaktree US promptly upon request any information available in the records maintained by the Sub-Advisor relating to the Funds in such form as Oaktree US shall request.

The Sub-Advisor shall maintain proper and complete records relating to the services to be provided under this Agreement for such period of time as may be required under Applicable Law, including (as applicable, in respect of the relevant Discretionary Funds) records with respect to the acquisition, holding and disposal of securities on behalf of the Funds, details of all brokers used and the aggregate dollar amount of brokerage commission paid in that regard to each broker.

Premium Managed Hosting Agreement

AstroNutrition.com

deep systems

03/01/05

The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.

The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.

AGENCY AGREEMENT

Stratton, Cheeseman & Walsh-Nevada, Inc.

MICOA

sometimes commonly referred to as the Parties

Mutual Insurance Corporation of America

Agency

25th day of May, 1999.

Signed and effective this 25th day of May, 1999.

This agreement shall terminate:

                  a.       Automatically if any public authority cancels or                            declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate                            of Authority.

                  b.       Immediately if either party gives detailed written                            notice to the other of alleged gross and willful                            misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.

This Agreement shall terminate, subject to any automatic                   renewal or extension for one year as required by law, upon                   either party giving at least one hundred twenty (120) days                   advance written notice to the other, if not otherwise contrary                   to applicable law or this Agreement.

This Agreement shall terminate, subject to any automatic                   renewal or extension for one year as required by law, upon                   either party giving at least one hundred twenty (120) days                   advance written notice to the other, if not otherwise contrary                   to applicable law or this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be interpreted under the                   laws of the State of Nevada.

attached Commission Schedule

                  in Nevada, Agency agrees not to sell any competing                   professional liability products in Nevada, without the written                   consent of MICOA.

In return for the exclusive appointment of Agency by MICOA to                   sell its professional liability products listed on the

In order to allow SC&W to expand the distribution system in Nevada with      select and controlled subagents, an exclusive agency agreement will be      negotiated which will spell out the terms and conditions of the      relationship.

In return for this payment, for a two-year period following                   the termination date, Agency will not directly or indirectly                   sell any professional liability insurance to any individuals                   or entities who were MICOA insureds in Nevada at the time of                   termination of this Agreement.

Agency may not assign                   this Agreement without the written permission of MICOA or its                   successors or assigns.

Appointed agents who are not a party to a current MICOA agency contract and/or





are not affiliated with an agency which has an agency contract will receive a 1% commission rate for all lines of business stated above.

Repayment shall be through reduction of commissions due      SC&W by 0.5% or if

SC&W exceeds $10.0 million in premium revenues by offset in the event any      money is owed the Agency by MICOA. Such reduction or offset shall occur for      so long as necessary to repay amounts reimbursed by MICOA during the      two-year period of development; but in no event will repayment be collected      for a period of greater than ten years.

A commission rate of 12% will be paid for both new and      renewal physicians liability business.

Commission will decrease by .5% effective 10/1/99 as part of a repayment program under a project memorandum dated 4/7/99.

In the event this Agreement is terminated for any reason,                   MICOA agrees to purchase from Agency, and Agency agrees to                   sell to MICOA Agency's ownership interest in the expirations                   for the MICOA insurance issued pursuant to this Agreement.

The Agency shall provide MICOA a          copy of each policy; doing so on a regular and current basis shall be a          precondition to all of Agency's rights under this Agreement, including          but not limited to the payment of all earned commissions.

The Agency will maintain valid errors and omissions insurance, with          minimum limits of $1,000,000 per incident, and a fidelity and          electronic crime policy through an insurer, both of which shall contain          terms and limits of coverage acceptable to MICOA covering the Agency's          solicitors and each of its employees.

AFFILIATE AGREEMENT

PSS Merger Corp.

Physician Sales & Service, Inc.

GSMS

Gulf South Medical Supply, Inc.

PSS

This Affiliate Agreement is executed as of the 14th day of December, 1997.

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED as of December 14, 1997

This Affiliate Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.

MASTER SUPPLY AGREEMENT

"Buyer" or "PNC"

Premier Nutrition Company, LLC

"Supplier" or "Fonterra"

each a "Party", collectively "Parties"

Fonterra (USA) Inc.

31 October 2019

31 October 2019

This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.

This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.

This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.

This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law principles.

Neither Party may transfer or assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, except that either Party may assign this Agreement to any entity controlled by it, its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates, or to any purchaser of the business to which this Agreement relates subject to the other Parties consent which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

PNC or its contracted third-party auditors may enter and audit/inspect Supplier's facilities where the Ingredients are produced, stored, packaged or otherwise processed [***] unless food safety is at issue or PNC has a good faith reason to believe the Ingredients are being stored, packaged, or processed

For routine visits and audits, PNC will provide [***] if facilities located in the US and with [***] if facilities are located [***], provided that such examination will be conducted during Supplier's normal business hours and in such a manner as to reasonably minimize disruption to Supplier's business, unless food safety is at issue, in which case such examination may be conducted at any time.

in a way that is inconsistent with the Specifications, in which case an audit may be performed at any time during the Term.

9.1.1 The Liability Cap will not apply to any (1) material confidentiality breach under Section 5, and/or (2) indemnification obligations under Section 7.1. 9.1.2 The Liability Cap will not apply to intentional misconduct and/or gross negligence.

The maximum liability of one Party to the other Party and its affiliates in relation to this Agreement will be [***] ("Liability Cap"), provided however that:

9.1.1 The Liability Cap will not apply to any (1) material confidentiality breach under Section 5, and/or (2) indemnification obligations under Section 7.1. 9.1.2 The Liability Cap will not apply to intentional misconduct and/or gross negligence.

Except for a Party's gross negligence or intentional acts or omissions and its obligations of indemnity under this Agreement, under no circumstances will either Party be liable to the other Party for [***].

The maximum liability of one Party to the other Party and its affiliates in relation to this Agreement will be [***] ("Liability Cap"), provided however that:

Failure to secure such insurance as of the date of execution of this Agreement shall constitute a breach of this Agreement.

Supplier shall furnish Buyer with a certificate from its insurer verifying that it has the above insurance in effect during the duration of this Agreement and that insurer acknowledges (a) the contractual liability assumed by Supplier in this Agreement and (b) that Buyer is an additional insured on such policies and (c) Supplier's CGL policy is primary and Buyer's CGL policy is non-contributory and (d) a waiver of subrogation shall be provided in favor of Buyer on the CGL, Workers' Compensation and Auto policies.

Said certificate of insurance shall require Supplier's insurance carrier to give Buyer no less than ten (10) days written notice of any cancellation or change in coverage.

Product-Liability Coverage's with limits of not less than [***] for each occurrence, covering both bodily injury and property damage liability. 7.5.2 Umbrella/Excess Liability with limits of not less than [***]. 7.5.3 Workers' Compensation Coverage plus Occupational Disease Insurance if Occupational Disease coverage is required by the laws of the state where the Facility is located or work is to be performed. Employers Liability $500,000 each accident 7.5.4 Auto Liability $1,000,000 combined single limit.

Supplier shall maintain insurance with an insurance company with an equivalent of an A.M. Best rating of "A" or better, of the following kinds and in the following amounts during the term of this Agreement: 7.5 7.5.1 Comprehensive General Liability (CGL) Insurance with limits of not less than [***] each occurrence and [***] in the aggregate, including Contractual, Completed-Operations and

Supplier shall provide to PNC a certificate evidencing such insurance within thirty (30) days of a request for same from PNC.

Supplier shall have Buyer named as an additional insured on its insurance policies in subparts 7.5.1 and 7.5.2 above.

LICENSE, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT

Xencor

Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc.

Xencor, Inc.

Aimmune

Xencor and Aimmune are sometimes referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

FEBRUARY 4, 2020

February 4, 2020

This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such state, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such state; provided that any matters relating to the construction or effect of any Patent will be governed by the patent laws of the relevant jurisdiction in which such Patent is granted.

. Furthermore, Xencor hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not (and shall cause its Affiliates not to), either directly or through granting a license or other right to, or otherwise facilitating, a Third Party to (a) Develop, Manufacture or Commercialize the Antibody or the Product during the Term, (b) commence any [***] of any [***] that is not the Antibody or a Product and that [***] for use in the Licensed Field, prior to the [***] ([***]t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (c) Develop, Manufacture or Commercialize any [***] that is not the Antibody or a Product and that [***] for use in the Aimmune Field during the Term.

Aimmune hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not (and shall cause the other Aimmune Agreement Entities not to), either directly or indirectly, 14

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize the Product for use outside the Licensed Field.

Aimmune covenants that it will not research or develop (including Develop) the Antibody itself, including not developing any modification, variant, fragment, progeny or derivatives of such Antibody, in each case, in a way that would produce a molecule that is neither the Antibody nor a molecule that falls within the definition of a Product.

Aimmune hereby grants to Xencor an exclusive license under and with respect to Aimmune Patents, and a non-exclusive license under and with respect to Aimmune Know-How, in each case, where such license is an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-bearing license, with the right to sublicense, to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Product(s), as the Product(s) exist as of the effective date of such termination, or optimized

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Xencor hereby grants to Aimmune during the Term an exclusive, worldwide, payment-bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents, and a non-exclusive, payment bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Know-How, in each case, with the right to sublicense solely in accordance with Section 2.3.2, solely to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Product in and for the Licensed Field; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Xencor shall retain the right under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents to the extent necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Aimmune may terminate this Agreement in its entirety at any time for its convenience upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice to Xencor.

Without limitation of its rights under this ARTICLE 13, Xencor may also terminate this Agreement in its entirety as applicable, pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.7.

Collaboration Patent to expire or intends to otherwise abandon any such Xencor Product Specific Patent, Aimmune Patent Covering an Antibody or Product or Joint Collaboration Patent, or (ii) decides not to prepare or file patent applications Covering Aimmune Inventions or Joint Inventions, Aimmune shall notify Xencor of such intention or decision at least [***] ([***]) days (or as soon as possible if less than [***] ([***]) days) prior to any filing or payment due date, or any other date that requires action, in connection with such Xencor Product Specific Patent, Aimmune Patent Covering an Antibody or Product or Joint Collaboration Patent, and Xencor shall thereupon have the right, but not the obligation, to assume responsibility for the preparation, filing, prosecution or maintenance thereof [***], in the name of Xencor or Aimmune, as applicable.

If, during the Term, Aimmune (i) intends to allow any Xencor Product Specific Patent, Aimmune Patent Covering an Antibody or Product or Joint

Any assignment or transfer, or attempted assignment or transfer, by either Party in violation of the terms of this Section 15.6 shall be null and void and of no legal effect.

Neither Party may assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other Party, except that a Party may make such an assignment or transfer without the other Party's written consent to (a) any of its Affiliates, in whole or in part, or (b) any Third Party in connection with (i) the acquisition of such Party by or merger or consolidation of such Party with another entity or (ii) a merger, consolidation, sale of stock, sale of all or substantially all of such Party's assets or other similar transaction in which such Third Party either becomes the owner of all or substantially all of the business and assets of (y) such Party or (z) that portion of such Party's business or business unit relating to this Agreement.

Within [***] ([***]) days after the Effective Date of this Agreement, Aimmune shall issue to Xencor shares of Aimmune Common Stock (the "Shares") in accordance with that certain Stock Issuance Agreement, dated the date hereof, by and among Xencor and Aimmune (the "Stock Issuance Agreement"), and pay to Xencor by wire transfer of immediately available funds, into an account designated in writing by Xencor, an amount equal to five million Dollars ($5,000,000) (together with the issuance of the Shares, the "Upfront Payment").

On a country-by-country and Product-by-Product basis, if at any time during the Royalty Term with respect to such country and such Product, such Product is not Covered by any Valid Claim of a [***], the royalty rate applied to Net Sales of such Product shall be the royalty rate in Section 7.3.1 reduced by [***] percent ([***]%) for so long as during the Royalty Term such Product is not Covered by a Valid Claim of a [***] in such country.

On a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis during the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and such country, Aimmune shall pay to Xencor the following royalties on Net Sales of Products, subject to Section 7.3.2:

Aggregate Annual Net Sales Royalty Rate [***] [***]% [***] [***]% [***] [***]% [***] [***]% [***] [***]%

On a country-by-country and Product-by-Product basis, if at any time during the Royalty Term with respect to such country and such Product there is one or more Generic Product(s) with respect to such Product being sold for [***]) consecutive Calendar Quarters, then [***] for such country and such Product, the royalty rate for such Product shall be reduced, after giving effect to any reduction applicable to such Product in such country pursuant to [***], on a Calendar Quarter basis as follows:

(i) if the cumulative Net Sales of such Product in such country during such Calendar Quarter are equal to or less than [***] percent ([***]%), but are greater than [***] percent ([***]%), of the Baseline Quarter Net Sales, then the royalty rate will be reduced for such Calendar Quarter by [***] percent ([***]%); and

(ii) if the cumulative Net Sales of such Product in such country during such Calendar Quarter are less than [***] percent ([***]%) of the Baseline Quarter Net Sales of the Baseline Quarter Net Sales, then the royalty rate for such Calendar Quarter will be reduced by [***] percent ([***]%).

provided, that, for clarity, on a country-by-country and Product-by-Product basis, there will be no royalty rate reduction with respect to a given country and Product pursuant to this Section 7.3.2(c) with respect to the initial [***] ([***]) consecutive Calendar Quarter periods during which Generic Product entry with respect to such Product and such country is being established.

(d) Royalty Floor. Notwithstanding any provision set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, none of the permitted reductions to royalties provided in this Section 7.3.2 will reduce any royalty payment payable in a given Calendar Quarter with respect to Net Sales of any Product in any country during the Royalty Term by more than [***] percent ([***]%) of the royalties otherwise owed to Xencor pursuant to Section 7.3.1.

Under the terms of the agreement, Aimmune will make an upfront payment to Xencor of $5 million in cash and $5 million in equity, equivalent to 156,238 newly issued shares of Aimmune common stock at $32.0025/share.

If Aimmune obtains such a license to a Third Party Patent, Aimmune shall be entitled to credit [***] percent ([***]%) of the royalties paid to such Third Party during a Calendar Quarter against the royalty payment otherwise payable by Aimmune to Xencor pursuant to this Section 7.3 with respect to such Product and such country in such Calendar Quarter.

Xencor will allocate adequate appropriately qualified representatives to enable Aimmune to practice and understand the Xencor Know-How, Regulatory Materials, and Regulatory Data, including in connection with the transition of Manufacturing responsibility to Aimmune, Xencor's obligations under this Section 2.7 shall not exceed an aggregate of [***] ([***]) full- time equivalent hours unless the Parties otherwise agree in writing [***].

The Aimmune Know- How shall be transferred pursuant to the procedure to transfer Xencor Know-How, Regulatory Materials, and Regulatory Data in Section 2.7 applied mutatis mutandis.

(e) transfer to Xencor all of Aimmune's right, title and interest in and to any and all Development-related data and Commercialization Data Controlled by Aimmune for the Product; and

(f) provide a copy of (i) the material tangible embodiments of the foregoing and (ii) any other material books, records, files and documents Controlled by Aimmune solely to the extent related to the Product and which may be redacted to exclude Confidential Information of Aimmune;

provided, however, that to the extent that any agreement or other asset described in this Section 14.2 is not assignable by Aimmune (whether because such agreement or asset is explicitly non-assignable or because the Third Party consent required for such assignment is not obtained), then such agreement or other asset will not be assigned, and upon the request of Xencor, Aimmune will take such steps as may be reasonably necessary to allow Xencor to obtain and to enjoy the benefits of such agreement or other asset. For purposes of clarity, (1) [***] and (2) to the extent Xencor requests [***].

Upon the termination of this Agreement, Aimmune will promptly, in each case within [***] ([***]) days thereafter:

(a) assign to Xencor, [***], all of Aimmune's right, title and interest in and to any agreements (or portions thereof) between Aimmune and Third Parties that relate to the Development, Commercialization or Manufacture of the Product, where such assignment is permitted without charge to Aimmune or its Affiliates and where Xencor shall assume all future payments due under any agreement assigned pursuant to this subsection;

(b) assign to Xencor, [***], and subject to the execution of a standard trademark license between the Parties prior to such assignment, all of Aimmune's right, title and interest in and to any (i) Promotional Materials, (ii) copyrights and trademarks (including the Product Trademarks and Product Trade Dress), including any goodwill associated therewith, and any registrations and design patents for the foregoing, and (iii) any internet domain name registrations for such trademarks and slogans, all to the extent solely related to the Product; provided, however, in the event Xencor exercises such right to have assigned such Promotional Materials, Aimmune shall grant, and hereby does grant, a royalty-free right and license to any housemarks, trademarks, names and logos of Aimmune contained therein for a period of [***] ([***]) months in order to use such Promotional Materials solely in connection with the Commercialization of the Product;

(c) assign to Xencor, [***], the management and continued performance of any Clinical Trials for the Product ongoing hereunder as of the effective date of such termination in respect of which Xencor shall assume full financial responsibility from and after the effective date of such termination;

(d) transfer to Xencor all of Aimmune's right, title and interest in and to any and all regulatory filings, Regulatory Approvals and other Regulatory Materials for the Product;

All Joint Inventions shall be jointly owned by the Parties, and Patents Covering Joint Inventions shall be referred to as "Joint Collaboration Patents".

Aimmune hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not (and shall cause the other Aimmune Agreement Entities not to), either directly or indirectly,

Aimmune covenants that it will not research or develop (including Develop) the Antibody itself, including not developing any modification, variant, fragment, progeny or derivatives of such Antibody, in each case, in a way that would produce a molecule that is neither the Antibody nor a molecule that falls within the definition of a Product.

Aimmune hereby grants to Xencor an exclusive license under and with respect to Aimmune Patents, and a non-exclusive license under and with respect to Aimmune Know-How, in each case, where such license is an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-bearing license, with the right to sublicense, to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Product(s), as the Product(s) exist as of the effective date of such termination, or optimized versions thereof that are Products.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Xencor hereby grants to Aimmune during the Term an exclusive, worldwide, payment-bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents, and a non-exclusive, payment bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Know-How, in each case, with the right to sublicense solely in accordance with Section 2.3.2, solely to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Product in and for the Licensed Field; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Xencor shall retain the right under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents to the extent necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize the Product for use outside the Licensed Field.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Xencor hereby grants to Aimmune during the Term an exclusive, worldwide, payment-bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents, and a non-exclusive, payment bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Know-How, in each case, with the right to sublicense solely in accordance with Section 2.3.2, solely to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Product in and for the Licensed Field; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Xencor shall retain the right under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents to the extent necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

"Xencor Know-How" means any and all Know-How, whether or not patented or patentable, (i) to the extent Controlled by Xencor or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date, or, if transferred to Aimmune thereafter during the Term of this Agreement, and that is necessary in connection with the Development, Manufacture, Commercialization or other use of the Antibody or Product or (ii) constituting a Xencor Invention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in all cases, Xencor Know-How does not include (a) [***], (b) [***], (c) [***], (d) [***], (e) [***], or (f) [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Xencor hereby grants to Aimmune during the Term an exclusive, worldwide, payment-bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents, and a non-exclusive, payment bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Know-How, in each case, with the right to sublicense solely in accordance with Section 2.3.2, solely to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Product in and for the Licensed Field; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Xencor shall retain the right under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents to the extent necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Aimmune shall [***] the right (but not the obligation) to sublicense the rights granted to it under Section 2.1 to its Affiliates or Third Parties (each, a "Sublicensee"); provided, however, that Aimmune shall remain responsible for the performance by any of its direct and indirect Sublicensees and shall cause its direct and indirect Sublicensees to comply with the applicable provisions of this Agreement in connection with such performance.

Aimmune hereby grants to Xencor an exclusive license under and with respect to Aimmune Patents, and a non-exclusive license under and with respect to Aimmune Know-How, in each case, where such license is an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-bearing license, with the right to sublicense, to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Product(s), as the Product(s) exist as of the effective date of such termination, or optimized versions thereof that are Products.

Upon the termination of this Agreement:

14.1.1 all rights and licenses granted to Aimmune hereunder shall immediately terminate and be of no further force and effect and Aimmune shall cease Developing, Commercializing, Manufacturing and Packaging and Labeling such Product in and for all applicable countries; provided, that Aimmune and its Affiliates will be entitled, during the period

ending on the last day of the [***] following the effective date of such termination, to sell any inventory of Product affected by such termination that remains on hand as of the effective date of the termination, so long as Aimmune pays to Xencor all amounts payable hereunder (including milestones) applicable to said subsequent sales, as applicable, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and otherwise complies with the terms set forth in this Agreement.

Upon expiration of this Agreement with respect to a Product in a country, the licenses granted to Aimmune pursuant to this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect on a fully-paid basis.

Prompt adjustments shall be made by the Parties to reflect the results of such audit.

Xencor shall bear the full cost of such audit unless such audit discloses an underpayment of more than [***] percent ([***]%) of the payments due under this Agreement, in which case, [***].

The audit shall be limited to pertinent records kept by Aimmune and its Affiliates and Sublicensees for any year ending not more than [***] ([***]) months prior to the date of the written notice.

Xencor shall have the right, upon [***] ([***]) days' prior written notice to Aimmune, to cause an independent, certified international public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Aimmune or reasonably acceptable to its Affiliates or Sublicensees, as applicable, to audit such records during Aimmune's, or its Affiliate's or Sublicensees', as applicable, normal business hours to confirm the number of Product units sold, the gross sales and Net Sales of Product, the royalties payable, the method used to calculate the royalties payable, and the exchange rates used in accordance with Section 8.2

An audit under this Section 8.4 shall not occur more than [***] in any Calendar Year, except in the case of any subsequent "for cause" audit.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 11.4 IS INTENDED TO OR SHALL LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY UNDER SECTION 11.1 or 11.2, OR DAMAGES AVAILABLE FOR A PARTY'S BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 12.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, OR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 11.4 IS INTENDED TO OR SHALL LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY UNDER SECTION 11.1 or 11.2, OR DAMAGES AVAILABLE FOR A PARTY'S BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 12.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, OR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING,

Aimmune shall provide Xencor with written evidence of such insurance prior to commencement of this Agreement and upon expiration of any one coverage. Aimmune shall provide Xencor with written notice at least [***] ([***]) days prior to the cancellation, nonrenewal or material change in such insurance or self-insurance which materially adversely affects the rights of Xencor hereunder.

Aimmune shall procure and maintain insurance, including clinical trials insurance and product liability insurance, adequate to cover its obligations hereunder and which is consistent with normal business practices of prudent companies similarly situated at all times during which the Product is being clinically tested in human subjects or commercially distributed or sold by Aimmune pursuant to this Agreement; provided, that any such clinical trials insurance coverage shall, prior to the First Commercial Sale of a Product, in no event be less than [***] Dollars ($[***]) per loss occurrence, and product liability insurance coverage shall, after such First Commercial Sale, in no event be less than [***] Dollars ($[***]) per loss occurrence.

ELECTRONIC JOURNAL SOFT WARE DEVELOPMENT,                         HOSTING AND MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

HealthGate Data Corp.

Blackwell

HealthGate

together, Blackwell and Munksgaard shall be referred to as "the       Publishers"

Blackwell Science Limited

Munksgaard A/S

Munksgaard

20 March day of 1998

This Agreement shall commence on 1 January 1998.

The initial term of             the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up             to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").

If the Publishers exercise their right to renew,             the term of the Services shall be extended by one further year, up             to and including 28 February 2001.

If the Publishers exercise their right of renewal under Clause 17.1,             then the Publishers shall have a further right of renewal for each             of the subsequent three years, provided that the right to renew             shall be conditional upon the Publishers having exercised their             right in the previous year, and giving notice on or before the 30             September before the renewal is to take effect.

The parties hereby agree that this Agreement shall be construed in             accordance with English law.

Publishers may not use either Proprietary Software or             Source Code held in escrow to develop a product that competes with             those services offered by HealthGate.

The Publishers grant HealthGate an exclusive right to carry out the       Services, with the exception that the Publishers shall honour current       contracts with third parties and Publisher may publish and licence content       themselves as long as it does not materially reduce HealthGate's revenue.

The Publishers grant HealthGate an exclusive right to carry out the       Services, with the exception that the Publishers shall honour current       contracts with third parties and Publisher may publish and licence content       themselves as long as it does not materially reduce HealthGate's revenue.

If there is a change in Control of the first party,                           the second party may, entirely at their own option and                           without thereby becoming liable for any costs or                           losses which the first party or its holding company or                           any company in which it may hold shares may suffer as                           a result terminate the Agreement by notice in writing                           to first party.

HealthGate shall not transfer or assign the whole or any part of             this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Publishers.

Each             party shall receive 30% of all advertising sales for advertising             sales originated by the other party (provided, in the event that             advertising is sold at rates less than fair market rates such 30%             figure shall be equitably increased to reflect the fair market value             of the advertising.

The Use Fees shall remain the             same as in the Initial Period and the fee for the Services shall not             exceed $7000 for additional journals, $2000 maintenance fee on             existing journals and $2000 per Gigabyte.

HealthGate hereby assign all present and future copyright in the             Blackwell Specification to the Publishers.

HealthGate hereby             assigns all right, title and interest in and to the same to the             Publishers.

grant to the Publishers a non-exclusive                     non-transferable licence to use the Proprietary Software for                     the purposes of using, developing, enhancing and maintaining                     the Site and carrying out any or all of the activities                     previously carried out by HealthGate or on its behalf under                     this Agreement

The Publishers grant to HealthGate a royalty-free licence for the             purpose of testing, demonstrating, and evaluating the Site.

Publishers grant to HealthGate a perpetual, royalty-free licence to             use the Specification.

HealthGate hereby grants to the Publishers a non-exclusive             non-transferable licence to use the Proprietary Software for the             purposes of this Agreement

            Save in relation to the Publishers' logos, trademarks, and content,             HealthGate may use and/or licence the Proprietary Software for             itself or for others without any compensation or liability to the             Publishers.

On termination of the provision of the Services by                     HealthGate to the Publishers for whatever reason, HealthGate                     shall at the Publishers' option:

                          (i) grant to the Publishers a non-exclusive                     non-transferable licence to use the Proprietary Software for                     the purposes of using, developing, enhancing and maintaining                     the Site and carrying out any or all of the activities                     previously carried out by HealthGate or on its behalf under                     this Agreement

                          (ii) exercise best endeavours to grant to the                     Publishers a non-exclusive non-transferable licence to use                     the Third Party Software for the Site when and to the extent                     requested by the Publishers.

On termination of the provision of the Services by                     HealthGate to the Publishers for whatever reason, HealthGate                     shall at the Publishers' option:

                          (i) grant to the Publishers a non-exclusive                     non-transferable licence to use the Proprietary Software for                     the purposes of using, developing, enhancing and maintaining                     the Site and carrying out any or all of the activities                     previously carried out by HealthGate or on its behalf under                     this Agreement

                          (ii) exercise best endeavours to grant to the                     Publishers a non-exclusive non-transferable licence to use                     the Third Party Software for the Site when and to the extent                     requested by the Publishers.

HealthGate hereby grants to the Publishers a non-exclusive             non-transferable licence to use the Proprietary Software for the             purposes of this Agreement

            Save in relation to the Publishers' logos, trademarks, and content,             HealthGate may use and/or licence the Proprietary Software for             itself or for others without any compensation or liability to the             Publishers.

Publishers grant to HealthGate a perpetual, royalty-free licence to             use the Specification.

Whenever a new version of the Proprietary Software is used for the             Site, HealthGate will promptly deposit a new version of the source             code and the operational documentation for that version under the             same Escrow Agreement, and notify the Publishers in writing that the             deposit has been made.

If no new version has been deposited in any 6 month period,             HealthGate will deposit a replacement copy of the then current             version of the source code of the Proprietary Software under the             Escrow Agreement and will notify the Publishers in writing.

HealthGate and the Publishers shall enter and maintain in force the             Escrow Agreement for such period as the Publishers require.

Upon Acceptance as provided in Clause 9.2 HealthGate shall deliver             into escrow the source code, source listings and information for the             Proprietary Software included in the System in accordance with the             terms of the Escrow Agreement.

If HealthGate is then using any Equipment leased or owned by the             Publishers to provide services to any third party, HealthGate may             continue to use that Equipment for that purpose until such time as             HealthGate can reasonably transition to other equipment.

HealthGate agrees that at the time of termination of this Agreement,             it will render all assistance, provide all documentation and             undertake all actions to the extent necessary to effect an orderly             assumption of the Services by the Publishers or, at the Publishers'             option, by a replacement contractor;

Developing, together with the Publishers, a plan for the                     orderly transition of Services ("Transition Plan") then                     being performed by HealthGate from HealthGate to the                     Publishers or such successor provider of Services.

Providing reasonable training for personnel of the                     Publishers in the performance of the Services then being                     transitioned to the Publishers or such successor provider of                     Services.

The period of             liaison will commence as soon as notice has been given of             termination of this Agreement, and will continue for a maximum             period of 3 months after termination;

On termination of the provision of the Services by                     HealthGate to the Publishers for whatever reason, HealthGate                     shall at the Publishers' option:

                          (i) grant to the Publishers a non-exclusive                     non-transferable licence to use the Proprietary Software for                     the purposes of using, developing, enhancing and maintaining                     the Site and carrying out any or all of the activities                     previously carried out by HealthGate or on its behalf under                     this Agreement

                          (ii) exercise best endeavours to grant to the                     Publishers a non-exclusive non-transferable licence to use                     the Third Party Software for the Site when and to the extent                     requested by the Publishers.

HealthGate will liaise with the Publishers, making available for             such purposes such HealthGate liaison staff as the Publishers may             reasonably require, and acting in all good faith, to ensure a             mutually satisfactory license to the Publishers or, at the             Publishers' option, to a replacement contractor.

Upon termination of this Agreement and for a period of six (6) months       thereafter, the Publishers will have the following rights and obligations:

      33.1. Commencing upon any notice of termination by the Publishers,             HealthGate will comply with the Publishers' reasonable directions,             and will provide to the Publishers any and all termination             assistance reasonably requested by the Publishers to allow the             Services to continue and to facilitate the orderly transfer of             responsibility for the Services to the Publishers or a successor             provider of Services designated by the Publishers. The termination             assistance to be provided to the Publishers by HealthGate may             include the following:

            33.1.1. Continuing to perform, for a reasonable period (as





                    determined by the Publishers) of up to six (6) months                     following the termination date, any or all of the Services                     then being performed by HealthGate.

HealthGate shall allow the Publishers and/or their auditors access             to any site used by HealthGate as a backup facility, if HealthGate             can secure the rights for the Publishers and/or their auditors to             enter the backup facility.

During the Term of this Agreement, HealthGate shall accommodate one             employee or representative of Publishers at HealthGate's office for             the purpose of reviewing and understanding the operation of the             Site.

HealthGate shall make available for the Publishers and/or                     the Publishers' auditors inspection all records relating to                     the fees and to the Services provided pursuant to this                     Agreement.

The Publishers and/or their respective independent auditors,                     at no expense to HealthGate, and upon twenty (20) Business                     Days' written notice to HealthGate, shall have the right to                     conduct an operational audit pertaining to the fees and the                     Services rendered pursuant to this Agreement, including but                     not limited to having HealthGate process through any system                     test data supplied by the Publishers and/or their respective                     auditors, operate audit software on any system or download                     Publishers' Content and/or usage statistics to a computer                     designated by the Publishers, and/or their respective                     auditors.

The Publishers and/or their auditors, at no expense to HealthGate,             and upon twenty (20)Business Days' written notice to HealthGate,             shall have the right to conduct a system backup and disaster             recovery audit with regard to the Services provided pursuant to this             Agreement.

Except in respect of personal injury or             death caused by the negligence of either party (for which by law no             limit applies), in the event either party shall be liable to the             other party on account of the performance or nonperformance of its             respective obligations under this Agreement, whether arising by             negligence, wilful misconduct or otherwise, the amount recoverable             by the other party for all events, acts or omissions shall not             exceed, in the aggregate, an amount equal to payments made under             this Agreement.

Such sums of money will be paid by HealthGate to the             Publishers not as a penalty but as and for the ascertained and             liquidated damages owing and payable by HealthGate to the Publishers             by reason of such failure to meet the System Completion Date.

If HealthGate fails to complete the System development by the System             Completion Date, unless such failure results from the Publishers'             default in performing its obligations under this Agreement or from             an extension of time agreed in writing, the Publishers may in their             discretion notify HealthGate accordingly, and if such failure is not             remedied within 28 calendar days, HealthGate, recognising the loss             caused to the Publishers, will on demand from the Publishers pay to             the Publishers a sum calculated at the rate of 1% of the value of             the contract in respect of every 28 days which elapse from the             System Completion Date to the actual date of completion of the             System. Such sums of money will be paid by HealthGate to the             Publishers not as a penalty but as and for the ascertained and             liquidated damages owing and payable by HealthGate to the Publishers             by reason of such failure to meet the System Completion Date.

Strategic Alliance Agreement

Bravatek Solutions, Inc.

Fazync

Fazync LLC

Bravatek

10th day of January, 2018

10th day of January, 2018

The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.

The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew. Such notice must be given ninety (90) days prior to expiration of the original term.

This Agreement is entered into in the State of Texas and shall be interpreted according to the laws of the State of Texas.

This Agreement may also be terminated by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice.

This Agreement shall not be assignable by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.

For any Product or Solution sold to any perspective clients introduced by Bravatek registered with Fazync via email to IHSI's CEO, Devon Jones, and delivered through Bravatek or a Fazync -designated distribution affiliate(s) or sales channel(s), Bravatek will receive a lead-finder fee, to be mutually discussed and finally decided by Fazync at the range of minimum of 10% to maximum of 20% of project revenue, with an exact fee to be depending upon the overall project sales margin and cost of development and delivery of each project, payable NET 30 days after each client payment on delivered products received at Fazync bank account.

For any Product or Solution sold to any perspective clients introduced by Bravatek registered with Fazync via email to IHSI's CEO, Devon Jones, and delivered through Bravatek or a Fazync -designated distribution affiliate(s) or sales channel(s), Bravatek will receive a lead-finder fee, to be mutually discussed and finally decided by Fazync at the range of minimum of 10% to maximum of 20% of project revenue, with an exact fee to be depending upon the overall project sales margin and cost of development and delivery of each project, payable NET 30 days after each client payment on delivered products received at Fazync bank account.

TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT

Transporter

Shipper

Arkansas Western Pipeline Company

Associated Natural Gas Company

May 20, 1992

Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's                   FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement                   shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of                   and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall                   continue for a primary term of ten years.

Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's                   FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement                   shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of                   and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall                   continue for a primary term of ten years.

Thereafter, this





                  Agreement shall be effective month to month, until terminated                   by Transporter or Shipper upon the following written notice to                   the other specifying a termination date: sixty (60) days for

                  interruptible transportation under Rate Schedule ITS and 180                   days for firm transportation under Rate Schedule FTS.

Thereafter, this





                  Agreement shall be effective month to month, until terminated                   by Transporter or Shipper upon the following written notice to                   the other specifying a termination date: sixty (60) days for

                  interruptible transportation under Rate Schedule ITS and 180                   days for firm transportation under Rate Schedule FTS.

This Agreement and the rights and duties of                   Transporter and Shipper hereunder shall be governed by and                   interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of                   Arkansas, without recourse to the law governing conflict of                   laws.

Quantity of capacity to be released: Max 13,370 Dfli/Day,                                Min 13,370 DthDay.

Minimum transportation rate acceptable to Releasing Shipper (if          none, write "none"; includes commodity component):

         Tariff Rate

         (ii) Bid Requirements:

              (a) _X_ Reservation, __Volumetric

                  or ___ Volumetric with ___ volume commitment

              (b) __ Dollar/Cents or __ Percentage

Quantity of capacity to be released: Max 13,370 Dfli/Day,                                Min 13,370 DthDay.

"Maximum Daily Quantity (MDQ) " means the maximum daily                   quantity of natural gas, expressed* in Dth's, that Transporter                   is obligated under the executed Agreement to transport on                   behalf of' Shipper, which shall be 23,000 Dth.

"Maximum Daily Delivery Obligation (MDDO)" means the maximum                   daily quantity of natural gas, expressed in Dekatherms (Dth),                   that Transporter is obligated to deliver from time to time at                   the Point(s) of Delivery specified in Exhibit B to the                   executed Agreement.

Notwithstanding the MDDO at each Point of Delivery,          Shipper shall not nominate a total quantity of natural gas at all          Points of Delivery that exceeds the MDQ set forth in this Agreement.

Any portions of this Agreement necessary to balance receipts                   and deliveries under this Agreement as required by the FTS/ITS                   Rate Schedule, shall survive the other parts of this Agreement                   until such time as such balancing has been accomplished.

CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

Licensee THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION

Licensor: PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT

3rd day of November, 2005

This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").

After the Initial Term, this Agreement will be automatically renewed for successive additional 3~year periods ("Extension Terms"), unless otherwise terminated by either party by giving notice to the other party not less than sixty (60) days prior to the end of a Term.

After the Initial Term, this Agreement will be automatically renewed for successive additional 3~year periods ("Extension Terms"), unless otherwise terminated by either party by giving notice to the other party not less than sixty (60) days prior to the end of a Term.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT hereby grants to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, under PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT'S full ownership and or fully authorized licensing Rights of Content

  (a) A 10 year exclusive, worldwide license to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, display and transmit any and all PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT nostalgic television show library Content.

In lieu of PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT granting a 10 year Exclusive Content License to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, THE HENRY FILM ANDENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION agrees to share 10% of the net revenue from any and all advertising sales, Syndication Fees and Licensing fees generated from all television shows, DVD Magazines, Internet Streaming Video Television Shows, Television Shorts, Radio Shows, Radio Shorts, Cell Phone Video Clips, Caller ID Video Clips, Promotional Commercials, Websites, Streaming Video Commercials, Streaming Video Highlight Shows, 24 Hour Nostalgia Sports Network, DVD Program Package, Television Show Series, stock footage library, and print promotional posters, created and or produced with any content provided by PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT.

PERFORMANCE: In lieu of PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT granting a 10 year Exclusive Content License to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION agrees to share a minimum of $50,000.00 annually for each year of this Agreement.

In the event of THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, not fulfilling this minimum PERFORMANCE, PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT may cancel this Agreement

PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT AGREES that all television shows, DVD Magazines, Internet Streaming Video Television Shows, Television Shorts, Radio Shows, Radio Shorts, Cell Phone Video Clips, Caller ID Video Clips, Promotional Commercials, Websites, Streaming Video Commercials, Streaming Video Highlight Shows, 24 Hour Nostalgia Sports Network, DVD Program Package, Television Show Series, stock footage library, and print promotional posters, created and or produced with any content provided by PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT are wholly owned by THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT hereby grants to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, under PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT'S full ownership and or fully authorized licensing Rights of Content

  (a) A 10 year exclusive, worldwide license to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, display and transmit any and all PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT nostalgic television show library Content.

PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT agrees to also allow THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION the right to redistribute, reproduce, retransmit, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate the information contained in such PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content.

BOTH THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION and PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT acknowledges and agrees that: (i) as between PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT on the one hand, and THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION and its Affiliates on the other, THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION owns all right, title and interest in any THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property and THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Brand Features; (ii) nothing in this Agreement shall confer in PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT any license or right of ownership in THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Brand Features; and (iii) PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT shall not now or in the future contest the validity of THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION. Brand Features.

RECIPE DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

B C Marketing Concepts Inc., dba Full Sail Brewing Company

Reed's

Company

Reed's, Inc.

October 11, 2019

October 11, 2019

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").

This Agreement shall be governed by, and any dispute arising hereunder shall be determined in accordance with, the laws of State of New York (without giving effect to conflict of laws principles) including all matters of construction, validity and performance.

In exchange for Company's contributions and obligations under this Agreement, Reed's grants Company the exclusive right to manufacture, package, promote, sell and distribute the Products (if and to the extent approved by the Development Committee), subject to the terms and conditions of a separate Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement to be entered into by the parties concurrently with this Agreement, as it may be amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time (the "Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement").

Company may not assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement, whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Reed's, which shall not be unreasonably withheld (it being understood that a purported assignment to a Reed's competitor identified or referred to in Exhibit D of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement shall be considered to be a reasonable basis for withholding consent).

Company acknowledges and agrees that all Intellectual Property created by Company, its affiliates, representatives, or agents in connection with or resulting from any work or services related to the Products, including the Deliverables ("Work Product"), but excluding the Neutral Alcohol Beverage Base and excluding the Company's general know-how and independently developed production processes not specifically related to the Products, have been specially ordered and commissioned by Reed's, are works-made-for-hire from the moment of creation and that all such Work Product is and will be the sole and exclusive property of Reed's.

Reed's will exclusively own all Deliverables.

ompany will and hereby does, without further consideration, irrevocably assign to Reed's any and all worldwide right, title or interest that Company may now or hereafter possess in or to the Deliverables in perpetuity (or the maximum period permitted by Applicable Laws and Regulations) and Reed's accepts such assignment.

To the extent not a work-for- hire, Company, its employees, subcontractors and agents hereby sell, assign and transfer to Reed's all right, title and interest in and to the Work Product, including without limitation, all rights to Intellectual Property therein.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 9 WITH REGARD TO CLAIMS BY THIRD PARTIES, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR ENHANCED DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT OR CLAIM HEREUNDER, REGARDLESS OF (A) WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE, (B) WHETHER OR NOT IT WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBLITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND (C) THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 9 WITH REGARD TO CLAIMS BY THIRD PARTIES, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR ENHANCED DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT OR CLAIM HEREUNDER, REGARDLESS OF (A) WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE, (B) WHETHER OR NOT IT WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBLITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND (C) THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED.

Reed's shall not at any time acquire any rights, title or interest in Company's Intellectual Property. Reed's agrees that it will not at any time contest the ownership or validity of any Company Intellectual Property, nor register or attempt to register any rights with respect to Company Intellectual Property, nor do anything that would jeopardize or diminish Company's rights to or the value of Company Intellectual Property.

Company agrees that it will not at any time contest the ownership or validity of any Reed's Intellectual Property or Deliverables, nor register or attempt to register any rights with respect to Reed's Intellectual Property, nor do anything that would jeopardize or diminish Reed's rights to or the value of Reed's Intellectual Property or Deliverables.

GAS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

ROANOKE GAS COMPANY

Grantor

TOWN OF VINTON, VIRGINIA

Grantee

17th day of November, 2015

The effective date of the Franchise will be January 1, 2016.

The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.

For each calendar year of the Franchise, each locality's percentage share shall be determined by the following formula:

total dollar value of Grantee's gas sales within Locality's percentage share = the Territorial Limits of the locality total dollar value of Grantee's gas sales in the three localities

Grantor's Franchise Fee shall be a percentage share of the base year total annual Franchise Fee, which shall be determined on a pro rata basis according to its percentage share of the total dollar value of Grantee's gas sales occurring within the localities during the calendar year.

Supply Agreement

Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Miltenyi

Miltenyi and Bellicum are sometimes referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

Bellicum

Miltenyi Biotec GmbH

March 27, 2019

March 27, 2019

The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.

Thereafter, Bellicum shall have consecutive separate options to extend the Term for successive renewal terms of five (5) years each (each, a "Renewal Term", and

collectively with the Initial Term, the "Term").

This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, USA, without regard to the conflict of law provisions thereof or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; provided, however, that any dispute relating to the scope, validity, enforceability or infringement of any Intellectual Property Right will be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the substantive laws of the jurisdiction in which such Intellectual Property Right applies.

Bellicum may terminate this Agreement or a particular Module upon ninety (90) days written notice to Miltenyi: 1) if Bellicum, in its sole and absolute discretion, discontinues or indefinitely suspends the development and/or commercialization of the Bellicum Product(s) or 2) without cause for any reason or no reason.

Any assignment of this Agreement in contravention of this Article 17 shall be null and void.

Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, Bellicum specifically agrees not to, and agrees not to cause any Third Party to, sell, market, export, transfer, or re-export Miltenyi Products without Miltenyi's express prior written consent.

This Agreement shall not be assignable, pledged or otherwise transferred, nor may any right or obligations hereunder be assigned, pledged or transferred, by either Party to any Third Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent, in the event of a financing transaction by the Party asking for consent, shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed by the other Party; except either Party may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement without the consent of the other Party to an entity that acquires all or substantially all of the business or assets of the assigning Party relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, whether by merger, acquisition or otherwise; provided that intellectual property rights that are owned or held by the acquiring entity or person to such transaction (if other than one of the Parties to this Agreement) shall not be included in the technology licensed hereunder

If Bellicum fails to tender such firm Purchase Order and has not otherwise met the Minimum Purchase requirements within said [...***...]-day period, then Miltenyi, in its sole discretion, effective immediately upon Bellicum's receipt of written notice of Miltenyi's election to do so, shall have no obligation to Bellicum under this Agreement:

(1) not to discontinue the supply of any particular Miltenyi Product;

(2) to use [...***...] to ensure continuous supply of Miltenyi Products to Bellicum in accordance with Forecasts provided by or on behalf of Bellicum; and

(3) to provide Regulatory Work in accordance with Section 4.3.

At the time Bellicum reaches the Minimum Purchase requirements again, Miltenyi and Bellicum shall in good faith agree to continue the supply commitment.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, and for Calendar Year 2019 only, the [...***...] amount recited as an element used to determine the Minimum Purchase in a Calendar Year is hereby reduced to [...***...].

ordering of such Miltenyi Products) regarding production planning of Bellicum Product.

Miltenyi shall ensure that, at the time of Delivery the remaining shelf life of each shipped Miltenyi Product shall be no less than the minimum shelf life set forth in Exhibit B as such Exhibit B Module may be amended from time to time by written notification of Miltenyi to Bellicum. As of the Effective Date the Minimum Guaranteed Shelf Life of certain Miltenyi Products is relatively short and thus requires Bellicum to perform a tight materials management (i.e. short-termed

(such amount, the "Firm Zone Requirements").

Bellicum shall have [...***...] days to tender a firm Purchase Order for the purchase of such shortfall to satisfy the Minimum Purchase requirements set forth above.

Unless otherwise set forth in a relevant Module, the quantity of Miltenyi Product(s) forecasted for each Calendar Month of the Firm Zone of the most recent rolling Monthly Forecast submitted pursuant to Section 5.1(a) of this Agreement shall be binding on both Parties, commencing on the Effecctive Date of the Agreement (but not for the first three months thereto), and in each Calendar Month during the Term, Bellicum shall have the firm obligation to order at a minimum the amount of Miltenyi Product(s) specified for the first (1st) Calendar Month of the most recent rolling Monthly Forecast

For purposes hereof, each of the following events shall be deemed a "Supply Failure":

(i) if Miltenyi, using [...***...], fails to deliver to Bellicum at least [...***...]% (on a Miltenyi Product-by-Miltenyi Product basis) of an accepted Purchase Order of Miltenyi Product placed by Bellicum in accordance with the relevant binding Forecast within a reasonable period of time after the agreed Delivery Date therefor (whether by reason of Force Majeure or otherwise) more than twice during any Calendar Year; provided, however, that any of the foregoing events shall not be considered a Supply Failure to the extent that it results from:

(x) an act or omission of Bellicum, including any specific written instructions or requirements issued by Bellicum, including an Bellicum- Requested Change; or

(y) the failure or delay on the part of any supplier of materials designated and required by Bellicum or any other Subcontractor designated and required by Bellicum; or

(z) a Required Change or other change in any material requirement relating to the development, manufacturing, packaging and shipping of Miltenyi Product at Miltenyi's facility required by Applicable Laws, or the imposition of any other condition with respect to the Miltenyi Product by any governmental body or agency, or Regulatory Authority, based on Applicable Laws, or an event of Force Majeure, unless Miltenyi fails to use [...***...] to remedy the failure, inability, or delay within a reasonable period of time. In the event of the foregoing failures, inabilities, or delays, the Parties shall meet and discuss in good faith how to remedy the situation.

(ii) If Miltenyi fails to Deliver to Bellicum at least [...***...]% (on a Miltenyi Product-by-Miltenyi Product basis) of an accepted Purchase Order, then for that Miltenyi Product affected by such failed Delivery, the next step in the Discount scheme set forth in Exhibit F shall be applied to such Miltenyi Product during the following two (2) Calendar Quarters (and a repeated failure shall result in further step in the Discount scheme being applied in like manner).

In the event Bellicum's aggregate purchases of Miltenyi Products from Miltenyi under this Agreement in any Calendar Year during the Term is less than [...***...]% of the Rolling Monthly Forecast subject to Sections 5.1 and 5.3, at the beginning of that Calendar Year or [...***...] ([...***...] Euros), whatever is higher, (the "Minimum Purchase"), then Miltenyi shall provide written notice to Bellicum of such shortfall.

Upon Bellicum's request and subject to payment of the Firm Zone Shortfall amount by Bellicum, Miltenyi will, if so requested by Bellicum, provide Bellicum with Miltenyi's remaining stock of the relevant forecasted Miltenyi Products equal in value to such Firm Zone Shortfall amount.

In addition, the Parties shall from time to time discuss in good faith and mutually and reasonably agree upon (i) whether one or more Miltenyi Products require a minimum inventory to be held by Bellicum, and (ii) whether there shall be any type of Miltenyi Product that require a minimum inventory to be held by Miltenyi on behalf of Bellicum and under which terms and conditions such minimum inventory shall be reserved for Bellicum.

Bellicum will order Miltenyi Product in a defined number of units, subject to reasonable minimum order size requirements that may vary according to product type.

Minimum Purchases referred to above will include the quantities of Miltenyi Product(s) ordered by Bellicum in accordance with applicable Forecasts that could not be supplied by Miltenyi.

Within the scope of the [...***...] License Agreement, Miltenyi has got the right to grant non-exclusive sublicenses to third parties utilizing cytokines for applications that are covered by the claims of [...***...] to develop, manufacture, market and commercialize medicinal products on terms and conditions consistent with the terms and conditions contained in the [...***...] License Agreement.

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Miltenyi is willing to grant to Bellicum a non-exclusive sublicense to its rights obtained under the [...***...] License Agreement in the form of a separate agreement between Miltenyi and Bellicum, under such separate sublicense agreement Bellicum would agree to hold harmless and reimburse Miltenyi for the fees that are due to [...***...] based on Bellicum's use of the sublicense rights for Bellicum Products ("[...***...] Sublicense Agreement").

The supply of the Miltenyi Products hereunder conveys to Bellicum the limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as expressly provided herein, including as set forth in Article 17) right to use, and to permit its Subcontractors and Licensees to use the Miltenyi Products solely for Ex Vivo Cell Processing in the manufacture of Bellicum Products for use in the Field in the Territory (including for research, pre-clinical, clinical, regulatory and commercial purposes), in accordance with applicable Regulatory Authority requirements and approvals (including (to the extent applicable) any relevant clinical trial protocol, IND, and/or IRB approval pertaining to such Bellicum Products), in each case consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with Applicable Laws (the "Permitted Use"). Bellicum's Permitted Use of the Miltenyi Products shall be limited to the Designated Countries, subject to Section 2.3.

In the event of a Supply Failure, Miltenyi shall grant Bellicum's Second-Source Supplier a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, one-site production license, without the right to sublicense, under Miltenyi's Intellectual Property Rights solely to the extent reasonably necessary to manufacture the Affected Miltenyi Product for the Permitted Use by Bellicum at Bellicum's cost.

Miltenyi hereby grants to Bellicum, subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a limited non-exclusive right and license under the Miltenyi Technology incorporated or embodied in the Miltenyi Products supplied hereunder), solely to use such Miltenyi Products for the Permitted Use.

To the extent that the rights granted to Bellicum hereunder (including Bellicum's right to use each Miltenyi Product for its Permitted Use) are shared with one or more of its Subcontractors or Licensees in accordance with the terms hereof, Bellicum shall first impose limitations and obligations on such Subcontractors or Licensees, in writing, that are consistent with the corresponding limitations and obligations imposed on Bellicum hereunder, and Bellicum shall notify Miltenyi of the name and contact information for each such Subcontractor or Licensee that it shares such rights with, in writing, in accordance with Article 16 of this Agreement.

At the reasonable written request of Bellicum during the Term, Miltenyi shall enter into a direct supply agreement for Miltenyi Products with any Licensee nominated by Bellicum, materially consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Quality Agreement (as applicable), except as agreed otherwise in writing between Miltenyi and the respective Bellicum Licensee.

The foregoing license shall be sub-licensable through multiple tiers to Licensees of Bellicum and to Bellicum's and its Licensees' respective Subcontractors (but not to Miltenyi Competitors) solely in conjunction with the use of such Miltenyi Products for the Permitted Use, provided however that Subcontractors shall not have the right to grant sublicenses under Miltenyi Technology).

The supply of the Miltenyi Products hereunder conveys to Bellicum the limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as expressly provided herein, including as set forth in Article 17) right to use, and to permit its Subcontractors and Licensees to use the Miltenyi Products solely for Ex Vivo Cell Processing in the manufacture of Bellicum Products for use in the Field in the Territory (including for research, pre-clinical, clinical, regulatory and commercial purposes), in accordance with applicable Regulatory Authority requirements and approvals (including (to the extent applicable) any relevant clinical trial protocol, IND, and/or IRB approval pertaining to such Bellicum Products), in each case consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with Applicable Laws (the "Permitted Use"). Bellicum's Permitted Use of the Miltenyi Products shall be limited to the Designated Countries, subject to Section 2.3.

In the event of a Supply Failure, Miltenyi shall grant Bellicum's Second-Source Supplier a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, one-site production license, without the right to sublicense, under Miltenyi's Intellectual Property Rights solely to the extent reasonably necessary to manufacture the Affected Miltenyi Product for the Permitted Use by Bellicum at Bellicum's cost.

Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, Bellicum specifically agrees not to, and agrees not to cause any Third Party to, sell, market, export, transfer, or re-export Miltenyi Products without Miltenyi's express prior written consent.

For the avoidance of doubt, the license granted to Bellicum under this Section 10.2 conveys no right to Bellicum, its Subcontractors or Licensees to use Miltenyi Technology to make, have made, import, have imported, offer for sale and/or sell any Miltenyi Product.

For clarity, in no event shall any permitted delegation or subcontracting of any activities to be performed in connection with this Agreement release a Party from any of its limitations or obligations under this Agreement.

Bellicum shall promptly notify Miltenyi in writing of any additional Licensee contemplating the use of Miltenyi Product(s) for the manufacture of a Bellicum Product from time to time, which Licensee shall be added to the Bellicum Product specific Module by amendment.

Bellicum shall have the right to transfer Miltenyi Product(s) purchased hereunder, or to request from Miltenyi, by notice in writing, that Miltenyi Deliver any Miltenyi Product(s) purchased hereunder to an Affiliate of Bellicum or a Subcontractor or Licensee of Bellicum Product designated by Bellicum, solely for the purpose of the Permitted Use, subject to the payment to Miltenyi of all additional expenses (if any) incurred by Miltenyi in connection with such provision and transfer of Miltenyi Product(s) to Bellicum's designee; and provided that in each case: (i) each Subcontractor or Licensee of Bellicum to whom Miltenyi Products are transferred shall be bound in writing by limitations and obligations that are consistent with the corresponding limitations and obligations imposed on Bellicum

The supply of the Miltenyi Products hereunder conveys to Bellicum the limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as expressly provided herein, including as set forth in Article 17) right to use, and to permit its Subcontractors and Licensees to use the Miltenyi Products solely for Ex Vivo Cell Processing in the manufacture of Bellicum Products for use in the Field in the Territory (including for research, pre-clinical, clinical, regulatory and commercial purposes), in accordance with applicable Regulatory Authority requirements and approvals (including (to the extent applicable) any relevant clinical trial protocol, IND, and/or IRB approval pertaining to such Bellicum Products), in each case consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with Applicable Laws (the "Permitted Use"). Bellicum's Permitted Use of the Miltenyi Products shall be limited to the Designated Countries, subject to Section 2.3.

Subject to the terms of the Quality Agreement, if applicable, Miltenyi may, at its sole discretion, upon reasonable prior written notice to Bellicum, elect to have the Miltenyi Products, or any one of them or any component thereof, manufactured by an Affiliate of Miltenyi, and further may subcontract the manufacturing of Miltenyi Product or any component thereof, to a Subcontractor; provided that (i) Miltenyi shall reasonably take into account Bellicum's written concerns regarding proposed Affiliate(s) or Subcontractor(s); and (ii) Miltenyi shall be solely and fully responsible for the performance of all delegated and subcontracted activities by its Affiliates and Subcontractor(s), including compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the Quality Agreement (as applicable), and in no event shall any such delegation or subcontract release Miltenyi from any of its obligations under this Agreement. Miltenyi's Subcontractors and Affiliates for the manufacture and/or supply of Miltenyi Products will be listed in the Quality Agreement

hereunder and under the Quality Agreement, as applicable; and (ii) notwithstanding the transfer of any Miltenyi Product purchased hereunder, Bellicum will nevertheless continue to remain fully and primarily responsible and liable to Miltenyi for payment of the Product Price and for the use of the Miltenyi Product by any Subcontractor and Licensee to whom a Miltenyi Product is transferred.

Upon commercially reasonable notice (to be provided not less than [...***...] days in advance) and during Miltenyi's normal business hours, but not more often than once every [...***...] months, except for cause, during the Term of this Agreement, Bellicum or Bellicum's Licensees duly authorized agents, representatives or designees may inspect those portions of Miltenyi's Facilities that are used to manufacture, store or conduct testing of Miltenyi Products to determine compliance with Agreed Standards, Applicable Laws and the applicable Quality Agreement.

If Bellicum or or Bellicum's Licensees conduct a Facility audit or inspection more than [...***...] in a [...***...] month period, and such additional audits are not "for cause" audits, then Bellicum and its Licensees (as applicable) shall reimburse Miltenyi for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by Miltenyi as a direct result of Facility audits and/or inspections pursuant to Sections 9.1and 9.3 solely to the extent that they relate to the review of a Bellicum Produc

All audits shall be conducted in a manner that is intended to minimize disruption to the operations at such Facilities.

Except for liability for (i) breach of the confidentiality obligations described in Article 14, (ii) misappropriation or infringement by a Party of the other Party's Intellectual Property Rights, or (iii) gross negligence or willful misconduct:

(a) IN NO EVENT SHALL A PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR EXPENSES, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, OR USE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING ERRORS OR OMISSIONS OR BREACH OF WARRANTY), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES;

IN NO ONE EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF THE PRODUCT PRICES PAID BY BELLICUM FOR THE MILTENYI PRODUCT(S) DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY; AND FURTHER PROVIDED THAT SUCH AGGREGATE LIABILITY DURING SUCH PERIOD ALSO SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF SUCH PARTY'S INSURANCE COVERAGE FOR SUCH AGGREGATE LIABILITY.

The total amount of any reduction(s) pursuant to this Section 11.5(b) shall in no event exceed [...***...] percent ([...***...]%) of the Product Price payable for the applicable Miltenyi Product in that Contract Year (with the right to carry forward any unused offset).

Miltenyi's sole obligation, and Bellicum's sole and exclusive remedy for breach of the Miltenyi Product Warranty in Section 11.1, shall be as set forth in Article 7, including replacement or refund in accordance with Section 7.6, provided that Miltenyi shall pay reasonable return freight and shipping charges.

EACH PARTY'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO DIRECT AND ACTUAL DAMAGES. IN NO ONE EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF THE PRODUCT PRICES PAID BY BELLICUM FOR THE MILTENYI PRODUCT(S) DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY; AND FURTHER PROVIDED THAT SUCH AGGREGATE LIABILITY DURING SUCH PERIOD ALSO SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF SUCH PARTY'S INSURANCE COVERAGE FOR SUCH AGGREGATE LIABILITY.

Miltenyi will not in any event be liable for increased manufacturing costs, downtime costs, purchase of substitute products, lost profits, revenue, or goodwill, or any other indirect incidental, special, or consequential damages caused by a breach of the Miltenyi Product Warranty or the warranties in Section 11.2.

Bellicum acknowledges and agrees that Bellicum's rights to a refund or credit for, or to receive replacement of, properly rejected shipments of Miltenyi Products hereunder shall be Bellicum's sole and exclusive remedy, and Miltenyi's sole obligation, with respect to non-conforming Miltenyi Products delivered hereunder.

Except for liability for (i) breach of the confidentiality obligations described in Article 14, (ii) misappropriation or infringement by a Party of the other Party's Intellectual Property Rights, or (iii) gross negligence or willful misconduct:

(a) IN NO EVENT SHALL A PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR EXPENSES, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, OR USE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING ERRORS OR OMISSIONS OR BREACH OF WARRANTY), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES;

The foregoing shall be Bellicum's sole and exclusive remedy and Miltenyi's sole obligation with respect to claims that any Miltenyi Product fails to comply with the Miltenyi Product Warranty or the warranties in Section 11.

Except in the case of latent defects as described in Section 7.3, each shipment of Miltenyi Products shall be deemed accepted by Bellicum if Bellicum or its designated recipient of the shipment does not provide Miltenyi with written notice of rejection (a "Rejection Notice") within [...***...] days from the date of receipt of the relevant shipment of Miltenyi Product, describing the reasons for the rejection and the non-conforming characteristics of such Rejected Product in reasonable detail.

Once a Delivery of Miltenyi Products is accepted or deemed accepted hereunder, Bellicum shall have no recourse against Miltenyi in the event any such Miltenyi Product is subsequently deemed unsuitable for use for any reason, except for Miltenyi Product that does not conform to the Miltenyi Product Warranty after said 30-day period due to a latent defect in the Miltenyi Product that could not be detected through the performance of the Testing Methods.

Notification to Miltenyi by Bellicum must occur within [...***...] days after Bellicum or Bellicum's designated recipient of the shipment becomes aware or reasonably should have become aware that the Miltenyi Product fails to comply with the Miltenyi Product Warranty.

perform, or have its Affiliate, Subcontractor, or Licensee (as the case may be) perform, incoming quality assurance testing on each shipment of Miltenyi Product in accordance with the Bellicum-approved quality control testing procedures as set forth in the Product Specifications or the Quality Agreement, as applicable (the "Testing Methods"), to verify conformance with the Product Specifications.

Further, Bellicum shall have a period of [...***...] days from the date of Delivery to

Each Party shall provide the other Party with written proof of the existence of such insurance upon reasonable written request.

In addition, from time to time during the Term, each Party shall increase their levels of insurance coverage if reasonably deemed prudent by such Party in light of the overall products supplied and/or activities performed under this Agreement.

Each Party will maintain at its sole cost and expense, an adequate amount of commercial general liability and product liability insurance throughout the Term and for a period of five (5) years thereafter, to protect against potential liabilities and risk arising out of products supplied or activities to be performed under this Agreement and any Quality Agreement related hereto upon such terms (including coverages, deductible limits and self-insured retentions) as are customary in the industry for the products supplied or activities to be conducted by such Party under this Agreement.

Subject to the preceding sentence, such Bellicum liability insurance or self-insurance program will insure against personal injury, physical injury or property damage arising out of the pre-clinical, clinical and commercial manufacture, sale, use, distribution or marketing of Bellicum Product, and such Miltenyi liability insurance or self-insurance program will insure against personal injury, physical injury or property damage arising out of use of a Miltenyi Product in the manufacture of a Bellicum Product

MARINE TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

Charterer

Owner

Martin Operating Partnership L.P.

Midstream Fuel Service LLC

23rd day of December, 2003

23rd day of December, 2003

The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.

This Agreement will automatically renew for successive one year terms (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term"), unless either Charterer or Owner elects not to renew this Agreement by providing the other party with written notice of such election 30 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, at which point this Agreement will automatically terminate.

This Agreement will automatically renew for successive one year terms (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term"), unless either Charterer or Owner elects not to renew this Agreement by providing the other party with written notice of such election 30 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, at which point this Agreement will automatically terminate.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.

During the Term, Charterer agrees that Owner will be the sole and exclusive provider of marine transportation services for #2 fuel oil and high sulfur diesel owned by Charterer or owned by others and in transit for sale to Charterer so long as Owner has the required equipment available.

Charterer shall not be permitted to sublet the use of any vessels to any third party.

Neither party shall assign this Agreement without the express written consent of the other party.

The foregoing indemnities shall expressly exclude any liability for consequential, punitive, special or similar damages, including, without limitation, lost profits.

Owner shall, before and at commencement of each voyage by any vessel under this Agreement, exercise commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such vessel is seaworthy and in good operating condition, properly manned, equipped and supplied for the voyage, to ensure that the pipes, pumps and coils tight, staunch, are in good operating condition and fit for the voyage, and to ensure that the tanks and other spaces in which product is to be carried are in good operating condition and fit for the carriage and preservation of the same.

Owner covenants that it will maintain at all times during the Term of this Agreement insurance coverage for sudden and accidental pollution of $500,000,000.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

SAN DIEGO BALLPARK FUNDING LLC SPONSOR

Rubio's Fresh Mexican Grill

3/21/08

The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).

The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).

This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced according to the laws of the State of California without regard to principles of conflict of laws.

No marketing exclusivity in any category or with respect to any competitors of Sponsor is conferred or implied by this Agreement except to the extent explicitly set forth in the Agreement Summary.

Any marketing  exclusivity set forth in the Agreement Summary shall not preclude or prevent (a) signage, advertising and promotional arrangements made by the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball with respect to nationally-televised games, All-Star Games, World Baseball Classic games, playoff games and World Series games, (b) licensing arrangements made by Major League Baseball Properties, Inc. with respect to such category, (c) advertising with respect to such category in game programs, yearbooks, scorecards and similar publications which are sold on the day of an event other than Padres home games, (d) the display before, during and after an event of displays, temporary in nature, erected by an event sponsor, promoter, broadcaster or participant, even though such display may constitute advertising with respect to such category, (e) promotional messages displayed on a scoreboard or video board which give the name of the sponsor of Ballpark day-of-event promotions at events other than Padres home games or promote sale of event-day programs (including identifying program sponsors), even though such messages may identify companies in such category and (f) promotional messages displayed on a scoreboard or video board that recognize groups in attendance and make similar incidental references, even though such messages may identify companies in such category.

Except as provided in Section 22, no party shall assign this Agreement without the prior written approval of the other party, provided, however, that without obtaining such prior written approval, (a) SDBF may assign this Agreement to a transferee of the Padres' MLB franchise or to an affiliate of the Padres, and (b) Sponsor may assign this Agreement to an affiliate of Sponsor, provided that Sponsor shall continue to be obligated to SDBF for performance of Sponsor's obligations hereunder.

Sponsor hereby grants to SDBF a limited license to display Sponsor's name, brand names, trademarks, service marks, logos and other identification in or on the Promotional Items, promotional materials prepared by SDBF with respect to the Promotional Items, and any advertisements or commercial messages to be furnished hereunder

Except as expressly provided herein, neither party shall have the right to use, or obtain an interest in, the name, brand names, trademarks, service marks, logos or other identification of the other party or its affiliates without the other party's prior written consent.

The provisions of subsections (b) through (f) of this Section 10 shall constitute the sole remedy for the inability of SDBF to provide Sponsorship Benefits for any reason other than intentional breach by SDBF.

In no event shall the aggregate amount of remediation pursuant to subsections (b) through (e) of this Section for any calendar year exceed the Annual Payment made by Sponsor for such calendar year.

Sponsor shall provide SDBF with certificates of insurance evidencing compliance with all insurance provisions noted above prior to the commencement of the sponsorship and annually prior to the expiration of each required insurance policy.

All policies shall be endorsed to provide a Waiver of Subrogation in favor of SDBF.

c. Sponsor must obtain, and continuously maintain, at its own expense, the following insurance policies:     1. Workers' Compensation in compliance with California's laws, including Employers' Liability with minimum limits of:   $ *** Each Accident; $ *** Disease - Each Employee; $ *** Disease - Policy Limit.

  2. An Insurance Services Office occurrence based Commercial General Liability Insurance Policy, including contractual liability and products/completed operations liability coverage with minimum limits of:

$ *** Each Occurrence; $ *** General Aggregate; $ *** Products/Completed Operations Aggregate.

All insurance policies must be issued by an admitted insurance carrier with an A.M. Best rating of A-8 or better. SDBF, Padres LP, the City of San Diego and each of their subsidiary or affiliated companies and its and their directors, officers and employees must be named  as Additional Insureds under the Commercial General Liability, Automobile Liability  and Umbrella Liability Policies.

All of these policies must contain Cross Liability Endorsements, or their equivalent.

Further, coverage for the Additional Insureds shall apply on a primary basis irrespective of any other insurance, whether collectible or not.

Customization Schedule

Software License, Customization and Maintenance Agreement

Bank of America, N.A.

<<enter Company Name>>

Bank of America

Supplier

Sponsorship Agreement

XLI

Bosch International, LLC / XLI Technologies, Inc.

RMF Empire, Inc. DBA West Coast Customs

WCC

December 1st, 2015

December 1st, 2015

Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.

In further consideration of this Agreement, XLI shall not in any way disparage the Trademarks, nor any of WCC's parent, subsidiary, or affiliated companies' trademarks or its or their products.

1.1.1 WCC grants a limited, non-exclusive license to XLI to use the West Coast Customs name, image, likeness and signature, including specific West Coast Customs Trademarks (including West Coast Customs logo trademarks and approved West Coast Customs vehicle imagery and trademarks) (collectively the "Trademarks") during the term of this Agreement in connection with national, regional or local print advertising, together with Internet, television, video and on-site event advertising, only in connection with the PROMOTION, subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof.

1.1.2 XLI grants WCC a limited, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the registered trademark "Light Sheets" during the term of this Agreement in connection with national, regional or local print advertising, together with Internet, television, video and on-site advertising, for WCC and its Event(s) during the term of this Agreement, subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof.

1.1 Grant of License.   1.1.1 WCC grants a limited, non-exclusive license to XLI to use the West Coast Customs name, image, likeness and signature, including specific West Coast Customs Trademarks (including West Coast Customs logo trademarks and approved West Coast Customs vehicle imagery and trademarks) (collectively the "Trademarks") during the term of this Agreement in connection with national, regional or local print advertising, together with Internet, television, video and on-site event advertising, only in connection with the PROMOTION, subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof.

WCC shall have the right of prior written approval over all uses of the Trademarks by XLI.

XLI shall have the right of prior written approval over all uses of the trademark "XLI" by WCC.

1.1.2 XLI grants WCC a limited, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the registered trademark "Light Sheets" during the term of this Agreement in connection with national, regional or local print advertising, together with Internet, television, video and on-site advertising, for WCC and its Event(s) during the term of this Agreement, subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof.

6.1 Both parties shall at all times while this Agreement is in effect and for one (1) year thereafter, at its expense, carry and maintain, at its own expense, insurance on all its operations necessary to comply with insurance laws as applicable.

Software License Agreement [v.08.05.03]

Customer

Cisco

Cisco Systems, Inc. or its subsidiary licensing the Software instead of Cisco Systems, Inc. ("Cisco"),

This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.

The Warranty and the Software License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without reference to principles of conflict of laws.

Customer may terminate this Agreement and the license at any time by destroying all copies of Software including any Documentation.

Except as otherwise expressly provided under this Agreement, Customer shall have no right, and Customer specifically agrees not to:

(i) transfer, assign or sublicense its license rights to any other person or entity, or use the Software on unauthorized or secondhand Cisco equipment, and Customer acknowledges that any attempted transfer, assignment, sublicense or use shall be void;

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Cisco Systems, Inc. or its subsidiary licensing the Software instead of Cisco Systems, Inc. ("Cisco"), grants to Customer a nonexclusive and nontransferable license to use for Customer's internal business purposes the Software and the Documentation for which Customer has paid the required license fees.

Except as otherwise expressly provided under this Agreement, Customer shall have no right, and Customer specifically agrees not to:

(i) transfer, assign or sublicense its license rights to any other person or entity, or use the Software on unauthorized or secondhand Cisco equipment, and Customer acknowledges that any attempted transfer, assignment, sublicense or use shall be void;

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Cisco Systems, Inc. or its subsidiary licensing the Software instead of Cisco Systems, Inc. ("Cisco"), grants to Customer a nonexclusive and nontransferable license to use for Customer's internal business purposes the Software and the Documentation for which Customer has paid the required license fees.

In the event such audit discloses non-compliance with this Agreement, Customer shall promptly pay to Cisco the appropriate license fees.

Customer grants to Cisco and its independent accountants the right to examine Customer's books, records and accounts during Customer's normal business hours to verify compliance with this Agreement.

IN NO EVENT WILL CISCO OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT, OR LOST OR DAMAGED DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY OR WHETHER ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF CISCO OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

or refund of the Software if reported (or, upon request, returned) to Cisco or the party supplying the Software to Customer, if different than Cisco.

In no event shall Cisco's or its suppliers' or licensors' liability to Customer, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise, exceed the price paid by Customer for the Software that gave rise to the claim or if the Software is part of another Product, the price paid for such other Product.

Customer's sole and exclusive remedy and the entire liability of Cisco and its suppliers and licensors under this limited warranty will be, at Cisco's option, repair, replacement,

Cisco warrants that commencing from the date of shipment to Customer (but in case of resale by an authorized Cisco reseller, commencing not more than ninety (90) days after original shipment by Cisco), and continuing for a period of the longer of (a) ninety (90) days or (b) the software warranty period (if any) set forth in the warranty card accompanying the Product (if any): (a) the media on which the Software is furnished will be free of defects in materials and workmanship under normal use; and (b) the Software substantially conforms to its published specifications.

OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

OMEGA REFINING, LLC

MAGELLAN TERMINALS HOLDINGS, L.P.

Owner

"Omega" or "Operator"

Owner and Operator are referred to individually herein as a "Party" and collectively herein as the "Parties"

3rd day of November, 2010

3rd day of November, 2010

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.

This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

Owner may terminate this Agreement at any time upon the occurrence of any of the following:

(e) Without cause on no less than seven (7) days prior written notice.

Any attempted assignment of this Agreement in violation of this Section 8.12 shall be null and void.

Owner shall not make any assignment of all or any part of this Agreement or any of the rights or obligations hereunder except in connection with the sale, financing or conveyance of all or any part of the Rail Facility.

Operator shall not make any assignment of all or any part of this Agreement or any of the rights or obligations hereunder unless there first shall have been obtained the written consent thereto of Owner, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.

Upon the termination of this Agreement, Operator shall cooperate in the transition of operations to Owner or a successor operator

Upon reasonable prior written notice to Operator, Owner shall have the right during normal business hours to audit or examine all books and records of Operator to the extent they relate to Operator's performance hereunder as well as the relevant books of account of Operator's contractors, relating to the performance of Operator's obligations under this Agreement.

The costs of any audit of Operator's books or records shall be borne by Owner absent manifest error.

Operator shall cooperate with Owner's auditors by (i) making the applicable books and records available for inspection by Owner's auditors, and (ii) making such copies of books and records as may be reasonably requested by such auditors. In no event shall Owner's audits unreasonably interfere with Operator's operations.

Notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary, neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for special, indirect, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages suffered by such Party resulting from or arising out of this Agreement or the breach thereof or under any other theory of liability, whether tort, negligence, strict liability, breach of contract, warranty, indemnity, or otherwise, including, without limitation, loss of use, increased cost of operations, loss of profit or revenue, or business interruptions. In furtherance of the foregoing, each Party releases the other Party and waives any right of recovery for special, indirect, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages suffered by such Party regardless of whether any such damages are caused by the other Party's negligence (and regardless of whether such negligence is sole, joint, concurrent, active, passive, or gross negligence), fault, or liability without fault.

Operator, with respect to Operator's activities provided for under this Agreement, shall maintain the following insurance coverage with responsible insurance carriers:

(a)    Workers' Compensation. Operator shall maintain statutory worker's  compensation insurance, covering all of its and its Affiliates' employees and statutory employees, in accordance with the benefits afforded by the statutory Worker's Compensation Acts applicable to the state, territory, or district of hire, supervision, or place of accident. In addition, Operator shall maintain employer's liability insurance with a limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) each accident, one million dollars ($1,000,000) disease each employee, and one million dollars ($1,000,000) disease policy limit. Where not prohibited by law, Operator shall waive its right of subrogation against Owner.

Operator shall maintain Commercial Automobile Insurance coverage, including, without limitation, bodily injury and property damage for owned, hired, rented, and non-owned automotive equipment with a limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) per accident.

The Owner Indemnified Parties' additional insured status will not limit the application of insurance protection as required by this Agreement which arises out of the Operator's indemnity obligations. These policies shall provide primary coverage for claims in which Operator has agreed to hold harmless and/or to indemnify the Owner Indemnified Parties.

Operator shall maintain Umbrella Liability Insurance coverage covering in excess of (a), (b), and (c) above, excluding Worker's Compensation, in the amount of ten million dollars ($10,000,000).

Operator shall maintain Commercial General Liability Insurance covering its operations under this Agreement including, without limitation, bodily injury, death, property damage, premises/operations, sudden and accidental pollution, independent contractors, products/completed operations, contractual, and personal injury liability, with a limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence and two million dollars ($2,000,000) in the annual aggregate.

Operator shall require each of its contractors to carry insurance coverage substantially equivalent to the insurance required of Operator above, and to include provisions for its contractors to name Owner and Operator as additional insureds, with the exception of Workers' Compensation Insurance, and state that such policies will be primary to and non-contributory with any other insurance maintained by Operator and Owner.

To the extent of the liabilities assumed by Operator in this Agreement, Operator shall name Owner Indemnified Parties as additional insured on all insurance policies,

Upon request, Operator agrees to furnish to Owner certificates of insurance or other evidence satisfactory to Owner to demonstrate that the required insurance has been procured and is in force

except Workers' Compensation.

SERVICE AGREEMENT

FIIOC

NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY CORPORATION

FIDELITY INVESTMENTS INSTITUTIONAL OPERATIONS COMPANY, INC.

Company

1st day of January, 1998

1st day of January, 1998

This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.

This Agreement shall be construed and the provisions hereof interpreted under and in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

This Agreement may be terminated by Company at any time upon written notice to FIIOC.

FIIOC may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) days' written notice to Company.

This Agreement may not be assigned without the written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, except that it shall be assigned automatically to any successor to FIIOC as the Funds' transfer agent, and any such successor shall be bound by the terms of this Agreement.

EVENT SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

Newegg

Newegg and Allied are hereinafter referred to jointly as the "Parties" and each as a "Party."

Allied Esports International, Inc.

Allied

Newegg Inc.

February 1, 2019

February 1, 2019

This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").

Without reference to choice or conflict of law principles, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA.

In all of Allied's actions and publications (in all media and formats) in connection with the marketing and conducting of the Events, where possible and appropriate, Allied shall where reasonably practicable communicate that Newegg is the exclusive sponsor of the Arena for the technology e-commerce and online retailer categories.

Allied shall not endorse, or permit the marketing of any other company whose principal business is as an e-commerce provider at or in connection with the Arena.

Without limitation of the preceding sentence or any other provision of this Agreement, Allied shall identify and name Newegg as a Founding Partner, and as the exclusive Technology E-Commerce (or E-tail) Partner, of the Arena and in all of Allied's marketing materials in connection with the Arena where reasonably practicable.

Without limiting the preceding sentence, Allied agrees not to use the Newegg Marks in any advertising materials or conduct any activities in a manner that may be seen to unreasonably modify, alter, detract from or impair the integrity, character, or dignity of the Newegg Marks or reflect unfavorably upon Newegg or Newegg Products.

Each Party covenants that it shall not make, publish or communicate to any person or entity in any online or other public forum any defamatory, misleading or disparaging remarks, comments or statements concerning (a) the other Party or any of its affiliates, or any of such Party's or its affiliates' respective employees, officers, directors, agents, officials, equity holders, investors or sponsors, or (b) any software, products or services of the other Party or any affiliate.

Each Party may also terminate the Agreement for convenience after Contract Year 2

by providing written notice to the other Party at least sixty (60) calendar days prior to the effective date of such termination

Neither Newegg nor Allied shall have the right or power to assign or transfer any part of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior consent in writing of the other Party

Allied grants Newegg a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-assignable, non-transferable, and non- sublicensable worldwide license to use, publicly display, transmit, broadcast, stream, distribute and reproduce the Allied Marks in all approved forms and in manners for the purposes of this Agreement during the Term.

Newegg grants Allied a revocable, non-transferrable, non-assignable (whether voluntarily, or as a result of a change of control, or by operation of law), non-sublicensable, non-exclusive and limited license to use, during the Term, the Newegg Marks solely in connection with Allied's marketing and conduct of the Arena.

Allied grants Newegg a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-assignable, non-transferable, and non- sublicensable worldwide license to use, publicly display, transmit, broadcast, stream, distribute and reproduce the Allied Marks in all approved forms and in manners for the purposes of this Agreement during the Term

Newegg grants Allied a revocable, non-transferrable, non-assignable (whether voluntarily, or as a result of a change of control, or by operation of law), non-sublicensable, non-exclusive and limited license to use, during the Term, the Newegg Marks solely in connection with Allied's marketing and conduct of the Arena.

EXCEPTING ONLY CLAIMS MADE PURSUANT TO SECTION 12.1, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES OR LOST SAVINGS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR THE PRODUCTS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED, KNOWS OR SHOULD KNOW, OR IS OTHERWISE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPTING ONLY CLAIMS MADE PURSUANT TO SECTION 12.1, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES OR LOST SAVINGS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR THE PRODUCTS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED, KNOWS OR SHOULD KNOW, OR IS OTHERWISE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Allied shall not at any time do, or cause to be done, directly or indirectly any act that may impair or tarnish any part of Newegg's goodwill and reputation in the Newegg Marks and the Newegg Products.

Maintenance and support contract

Sicap Ltd

EuroTel

It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two       years.

It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two       years.

After the initial period of two years, the maintenance and support       contract shall be automatically renewed for a period of one year on each       renewal date, unless one of the parties terminates the maintenance and       support contract through written notification to the other party in the       form of a registered letter with proof of receipt, at least six (6) weeks       prior to the renewal date.

After the initial period of two years, the maintenance and support       contract shall be automatically renewed for a period of one year on each       renewal date, unless one of the parties terminates the maintenance and       support contract through written notification to the other party in the       form of a registered letter with proof of receipt, at least six (6) weeks       prior to the renewal date.

The rights and obligations under this maintenance and support contract may       not be assigned in whole or in part by either party without the prior       written consent by the other party.

Sicap Ltd's liability for indirect loss, including consequential loss,       loss of profit, lost savings and loss caused by interruption of operations       is excluded.

Collaboration Agreement

OntoChem

OntoChem GmbH

Anixa Biosciences, Inc.

Anixa

Anixa and OntoChem are referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

April 14th, 2020

April 14th, 2020

Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the conflict of laws provisions of any jurisdiction.

During the term of this Agreement, except in the performance of its obligations or exercise of its rights under this Agreement, neither OntoChem nor any of its Affiliates will discover, research, develop, manufacture or commercialize any compound or product directed to any Target, either independently or for or in collaboration with a third party (including the grant of a license to any third party), or have any of the foregoing activities performed on behalf of OntoChem or any of its Affiliates by a third party.

This Agreement may be terminated by Anixa, without cause, upon at least thirty (30) days written notice to OntoChem.

In case OntoChem finds a novel and unexpected antiviral use of those Rejected Hit Compounds during this 2-years period, it will notify Anixa about these findings and Anixa has the right of first negotiation during a period of 6 months after this notification.

If Anixa decides to not license those uses or compounds for this novel antiviral use, OntoChem is free to develop those molecules further as its own intellectual property without any further restrictions.

Any assignment or transfer of this Agreement in violation of this Section 9.8 will be null and void.

Neither Party may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement (or any of its rights or obligations hereunder) without the prior written consent of the other Party, except that either Party may assign this Agreement without such consent to an entity that acquires all or substantially all of the business or assets of such Party to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, consolidation, sale of assets or otherwise.

OntoChem may engage one or more subcontractors to perform its activities under the Research Plan with the prior written approval of Anixa and provided that, with respect to any such subcontractor, OntoChem will (a) be responsible and liable for the performance of such subcontractor and (b) enter into a written agreement (i) consistent with terms and conditions of this Agreement, including with respect to confidentiality and intellectual property, and (ii) prohibiting such subcontractor from further subcontracting. For clarity, vendors where commercial building blocks or compounds will be purchased are nor regarded as subcontractors.

Within one year following completion of all activities under the Research Plan (the "Selection Deadline"), Anixa, in good faith consultation with OntoChem, will have the right to select up to two hundred (200) Hit Compounds (each, a "Selected Hit Compound"), by providing OntoChem with written notice of such Selected Hit Compound(s) (the "Selection Notice"), and each Selected Hit Compound, along with all Variants of such Selected Hit Compound referenced in the Selection Notice, is hereby designated as a "Lead Scaffold" under this Agreement.

For each Lead Scaffold, if (a) neither Anixa nor any of its Affiliates, licensees or assignees has dosed the first patient in a human clinical trial for a product incorporating a compound from such Lead Scaffold by the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date of the Selection Notice, or (b) Anixa earlier provides written notice of termination of such Lead Scaffold referencing this Section 4.3, then such Lead Scaffold (each, a "Terminated Scaffold") will thereupon cease to be a Lead Scaffold under this Agreement and thereafter, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (i) Anixa will promptly assign to OntoChem all right, title and interest in and to any patents and patent applications owned by Anixa that claim such Terminated Scaffold (including the composition, use or manufacture thereof) and, following such assignment, OntoChem will exclusively control the filing, prosecution, maintenance and enforcement of such patents and patent applications; (ii) the identity, structure and SAR information of such Terminated Scaffold will be deemed to be the Confidential Information of OntoChem; (iii) Anixa will not owe any further annual fees under Section 3.2 for such Terminated Scaffold; and (iv) this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect.

OntoChem will own, and Anixa hereby assigns to OntoChem, all right, title and interest in and to all Inventions directed to (a) any methods of generating or screening compound libraries and (b) the Rejected Hit Compounds (including the composition, use or manufacture thereof), in the case of this clause (b), effective as of the Selection Deadline (collectively (clauses (a) and (b)), "OntoChem Inventions").

Each Party will assign, and does hereby assign, to the other Party rights with respect to the applicable Inventions as necessary to achieve ownership as provided in Sections 6.2 and 6.3.

Anixa will own, and OntoChem hereby assigns to Anixa, all right, title and interest in and to all Inventions other than OntoChem Inventions, including, for clarity, Inventions directed to the Lead Scaffold(s) (including the composition, use or manufacture thereof) (collectively, "Anixa Inventions").

OntoChem hereby grants to Anixa a non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, worldwide license (with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses through multiple tiers) under any patents which OntoChem or any of its Affiliates own or control during the term of this Agreement, to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and import the Lead Scaffold(s) and products that incorporate compounds from the Lead Scaffold(s).

OntoChem hereby grants to Anixa a non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, worldwide license (with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses through multiple tiers) under any patents which OntoChem or any of its Affiliates own or control during the term of this Agreement, to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and import the Lead Scaffold(s) and products that incorporate compounds from the Lead Scaffold(s).

OntoChem hereby grants to Anixa a non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, worldwide license (with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses through multiple tiers) under any patents which OntoChem or any of its Affiliates own or control during the term of this Agreement, to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and import the Lead Scaffold(s) and products that incorporate compounds from the Lead Scaffold(s).

In addition, if this Agreement is terminated prior to completion of the Research Program, OntoChem will promptly furnish to Anixa any Deliverable or other work product generated to date and not previously provided to Anixa, including work in process.

Each Party will retain such records for at least three (3) years following expiration or termination of this Agreement or such longer period as may be required by applicable law or regulation.

These records will be available for inspection during regular business hours upon reasonable notice by Anixa, or its duly authorized representative, at Anixa's expense, for three (3) years following the end of the calendar year in which such expenses are invoiced.

Each Party will provide the other Party with the right to inspect such records, and upon request will provide copies of all such records, to the extent reasonably required for the exercise or performance of such other Party's rights or obligations under this Agreement, provided that any information disclosed under this Section 2.7 will be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 5.

Financial reimbursements claimed according to such indemnification shall not exceed payments received by OntoChem under this contract.

Each Party will maintain liability insurance, with reputable and financially secure insurance carriers, at levels consistent with industry standards based upon such Party's respective activities and indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Upon request, each Party will furnish to the other Party certificates issued by the applicable insurance company(ies) evidencing such insurance.

Cooperation Agreement (

collectively, the "Marathon Parties"

the "Company"

Mario Cibelli

Marathon Partners Equity Management, LLC

e.l.f. Beauty, Inc.

each of the Company, on the one hand, and the Marathon Parties, on the other hand, a "Party" to this Agreement, and collectively, the "Parties"

Marathon Focus Fund L.P.

Marathon Partners

Marathon Partners L.P.

Cibelli Research & Management, LLC

Marathon Partners LUX Fund, L.P.

July 1, 2020

Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to be performed within that state, without giving effect to any law or principals of law that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

Subject to applicable law, the Company, on the one hand, and each of the Marathon Parties on the other hand, covenants and agrees that, during the Support Period or if earlier, until such time as the other Party or any of its or her officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries, Affiliates, Associates, agents, attorneys or other representatives (collectively, the "Representatives") shall have breached this section, neither it nor any of its respective Representatives acting, directly or indirectly, at its direction or on its behalf, shall in any way publicly (including by any communication with other investors or prospective investors in the Company where such communications could reasonably be expected to be made public or trigger a public disclosure obligation, with securities analysts or any member of traditional or digital media) criticize, disparage, call into disrepute or otherwise defame or slander the other Party or such other Party's Representatives (including any current officer or director of a Party or a Party's subsidiaries who no longer serves in such capacity at any time following the execution of this Agreement), or any of their businesses, products or services, in any manner that would reasonably be expected to damage the business or reputation of such other Party.

This Agreement may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other Party hereto.

NETWORK AFFILIATE AGREEMENT

National CineMedia, LLC

NCM

Digital Cinema Destinations Corp.

"Network Affiliate" and with  NCM, each a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties"

14th day of March, 2011

The Parties contemplate that the Effective Date will be on or about __________________________.

Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall  continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement  of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").

This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties as of the date hereof and is to be construed in accordance  with and governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice of law rule that would cause the application of  the laws of any jurisdiction other than the internal laws of the State of Delaware to the rights and duties of the Parties.

During the Term, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, Network Affiliate and its affiliates agree not to engage or  participate in any business, hold equity interests, directly or indirectly, in another entity, whether currently existing or hereafter created, or  participate in any other joint venture that competes or would compete with any business that NCM is authorized to conduct in the Territory  pursuant to this Agreement, whether or not NCM is actually conducting such business in a particular portion of the Territory.

During the Term, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, including Section  3.6 (Policy Trailer; Branded Slots); those provisions of Part A of Exhibit A that permit Network Affiliate to engage in certain Lobby Promotions;  Section 3.11 (Grand Openings, Employee Uniforms), collectively, the "Exclusivity Exceptions", Network Affiliate shall subscribe for and NCM shall  be the exclusive provider to the theatres of the services specifically set forth in the definition of the "Service."

Subject only to the Exclusivity Exceptions, NCM shall be Network Affiliate's exclusive representative with respect to the procurement of  Inventory (including without limitation all on-screen advertising) for the Advertising Services.

Except as permitted by the  Exclusivity Exceptions, during the Term, Network Affiliate shall neither engage nor permit a third party (excluding third party designees of NCM as  provided hereunder) to provide, or itself provide, to any of Network Affiliate's theatres any of the services specifically set forth in the definition of  Service.

During the Term and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter Network Affiliate will not, without NCM's prior written  consent, either alone or in concert with others directly or indirectly solicit, entice, induce, or encourage:

(ii) any client of NCM to discontinue using NCM's services  or products, (iii) any client of NCM to refer prospective clients to one or more competitors of NCM or to discontinue referring prospective clients  to NCM, (iv) any NCM employee, client, or prospective client to breach any agreement with NCM, or (v) any existing or proposed arrangement or  other community or institutional affiliation to discontinue the affiliation or relationship with NCM.

The foregoing  restrictions shall not apply (i) in the event Network Affiliate or its affiliate acquires a competing business as an incidental part of an acquisition of  any other business that is not prohibited by the foregoing, if Network Affiliate disposes of the portion of such business that is a competing  business as soon as commercially reasonable, (ii) to any direct or indirect ownership or other equity investments by Network Affiliate or its  affiliates in such other competing business that represents in the aggregate less than 10% of the voting power of all outstanding equity of such  business, or (iii) in the event Network Affiliate enters into any agreement for the acquisition or installation of equipment or the provision of  services on customary terms that does not violate the exclusivity of NCM hereunder with any entity that has other businesses and provides other  services that may compete with NCM.

Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or affect (i) NCM's ability to contract or enter into any relationship with any Person  or entity for any product, service, or otherwise, whether or not similar to any products or services provided by NCM under this Agreement, or (ii)  Network Affiliate's ability to contract or enter into any relationship with any Person or entity for any product, service, or otherwise, other than the  services that will be provided exclusively by NCM as set forth in this Section 6.1 and meetings promoted and scheduled by Network Affiliate  theatre personnel as previously referenced in this Section 6.1.

During the Term and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter Network Affiliate will not, without NCM's prior written  consent, either alone or in concert with others directly or indirectly solicit, entice, induce, or encourage: (i) any employee, contractor or agent of  NCM to terminate his or her employment, contractor or agency relationship with NCM,

Network Affiliate shall not engage in any conduct which  may place NCM or any NCM Mark in a negative light or context,

NCM shall not engage in any conduct  which may place Network Affiliate or any Network Affiliate Mark in a negative light or context,

For the purposes of this Agreement, any change of control, merger, consolidation, or acquisition  of all or substantially all of the assets of Network Affiliate (collectively, a "Change of Control") shall be deemed an assignment.

Network Affiliate may not assign or transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, any of its rights under this  Agreement or delegate any of its duties under this Agreement to any third party without NCM's prior written consent, which consent shall not be  unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed

Any attempted  assignment in violation of this section shall be void.

This Agreement  shall not be assignable by either party unless the assignee expressly assumes in writing the obligations of the assignor hereunder.

Network Affiliate may not assign or transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, any of its rights under this  Agreement or delegate any of its duties under this Agreement to any third party without NCM's prior written consent, which consent shall not be  unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

Each Party shall receive 50% of all Net Revenue derived from the sale of advertising Inventory that is  exhibited in the Theatres (the "Advertising Revenue Share").

The Minimum Fee shall be prorated to account for (i) any periods during which Network  Affiliate's annual attendance base in the Theatres is lower than the Base Amount, and (ii) reductions in revenue associated with Network  Affiliate's rejection of content as permitted under Section 3.4.

Any payments made in order to satisfy the "Minimum Fee" which can be  characterized as an advance of amounts due from advertising clients which is "earned but not yet paid" shall be deducted from the following  year's payments when such amounts have in fact been collected.

For each twelve-month period following the Effective Date during the Term, and as long as Network Affiliate's  attendance base in the Theatres for the twelve (12) month period is equal to or greater than 400,000 patrons (the "Base Amount"), the amount paid  by NCM pursuant to Section 7.1(b) shall be not less than $ .17 per Theatre patron during such period with such amount increasing by 5% on each  anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Minimum Fee").

Such advertising for the  Strategic Program may be placed in the Branded Slots, in Network Affiliate's slides exhibited in the Digital Carousel and in that portion of the Video  Display Program to which Network Affiliate has access for advertising (but for no more than one minute of time for every 30 minutes of Video  Display Program advertising).

The policy trailer will be (i) up to 60 seconds, (ii) exhibited in the Theatres after Showtime, (iii) be customized to  include the name of the Network Affiliates Theatre business and (iii) used to feature content relating to Theatre policy and operations, and may  include (w) a policy service announcement that promotes appropriate theatre behavior, (x) promotions of Network Affiliate Concessions, (y) upon  prior written approval of Network Affiliate, other promotional materials of third-party products for which NCM sells advertising and is paid a fee  (the "Policy Trailer").

The Digital Content Service will feature (i) up to two (2) minutes for Theatre Advertising (the "Branded Slots")  in each Play List. Each Branded Slot may only exhibit Theatre Advertising. NCM is required to include no less than forty-five (45) seconds of  Branded Slots within the final fifteen (15) minutes of the Play List, fifteen (15) seconds of which shall be included within the final eleven (11)  minutes of the Play List; provided, that NCM may begin these Branded Slots up to one minute earlier when NCM expands the amount of  advertising units that follow these Branded Slots through the sale of additional advertising to third parties.

Strategic Programs may not be made on an exclusive basis. No more than one Strategic Program may be run in any  Theatre at any time.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Network Affiliate shall not be  prohibited from: (i) promoting the grand opening of a Theatre or an Excluded Theatre, provided such promotional activity (x) may occur only for  the thirty (30) day period immediately preceding the opening of the theatre to the general public through the thirty (30) day period immediately  following the opening of the theatre to the general public, and (y) includes local advertising of such opening in exchange for the advertising of  local businesses only, provided any on-screen advertising related thereto shall be subject to availability of on-screen Inventory and limited to one  (1) advertisement thirty (30) seconds in length; and (ii) allowing advertising for the supplier of Network Affiliate employee uniforms to appear on  such uniforms, provided that not more than two individual instances of such advertising ,may appear on any such uniform at any one time.

Any and all data, information, and material created, conceived, reduced to practice, or developed by or on  behalf of either Party, whether alone, in connection with the other Party or any third party, including, without limitation, written works, processes,  methods, inventions, discoveries, software, works of visual art, audio works, look-and-feel attributes, and multimedia works, based on, using, or  derived from, in whole or in part, any NCM Property, whether or not done on NCM's facilities, with NCM's equipment, or by NCM personnel, and  any and all right, title, and interest therein and thereto (including, but not limited to, the right to sue for past infringement) (collectively, "Derived  Works"), shall be owned solely and exclusively by NCM, and Network Affiliate agrees to and hereby does assign, transfer, and convey to NCM  (and will ensure than any third party acting with or on behalf of Network Affiliate assigns, transfers, and conveys to NCM any and all right, title, or  interest in or to any Derived Work which it may at any time acquire by operation of law or otherwise.

Any and all data, information, and material created, conceived, reduced to practice, or developed by or on  behalf of either Party, whether alone, in connection with the other Party or any third party, including, without limitation, written works, processes,  methods, inventions, discoveries, software, works of visual art, audio works, look-and-feel attributes, and multimedia works, based on, using, or  derived from, in whole or in part, any NCM Property, whether or not done on NCM's facilities, with NCM's equipment, or by NCM personnel, and  any and all right, title, and interest therein and thereto (including, but not limited to, the right to sue for past infringement) (collectively, "Derived  Works"), shall be owned solely and exclusively by NCM, and Network Affiliate agrees to and hereby does assign, transfer, and convey to NCM  (and will ensure than any third party acting with or on behalf of Network Affiliate assigns, transfers, and conveys to NCM any and all right, title, or  interest in or to any Derived Work which it may at any time acquire by operation of law or otherwise.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Network Affiliate hereby grants to NCM, and NCM hereby accepts, a  non-exclusive, non-transferable (except in connection with an assignment of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.8 hereof), non- sublicenseable, limited license (i) to use the Network Affiliate Marks solely in connection with its delivery of the Service, as approved by Network  Affiliate in writing in advance, and (ii) to use the Network Affiliate Marks in Marketing Materials that have been approved by Network Affiliate  pursuant to the terms hereof.

NCM hereby grants to Network Affiliate at no cost a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable,  royalty-free license in the Territory during the Term only to receive, store, convert or otherwise manage, display and exhibit the Service on the  Equipment at Theatres solely in connection with its performance of and subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and such other standards, trademark usage guidelines and  specifications as are prescribed by NCM during the term of this Agreement (the "NCM Quality Standards"), NCM hereby grants to Network  Affiliate, and Network Affiliate hereby accepts, a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except in connection with an assignment of this Agreement in  accordance with Section 14.8 hereof), non-sublicenseable, limited license (i) to use the NCM Marks solely in connection with its receipt and  exhibition of the Service, as approved by NCM in writing in advance, and (ii) to use the NCM Marks in marketing or advertising materials  ("Marketing Materials") that have been approved by NCM pursuant to the terms hereof.

To the extent any Derived Works are  included in the Service, NCM hereby grants to Network Affiliate during the Term a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to  such Derived Works solely for use in connection with the Service as expressly provided by this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, NCM hereby grants to Network Affiliate, and  Network Affiliate hereby accepts, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, royalty-free limited license to the object code version of  the Software on Equipment at Theatres solely for the limited purpose of performing this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Network Affiliate hereby grants to NCM, and NCM hereby accepts, a  non-exclusive, non-transferable (except in connection with an assignment of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.8 hereof), non- sublicenseable, limited license (i) to use the Network Affiliate Marks solely in connection with its delivery of the Service, as approved by Network  Affiliate in writing in advance, and (ii) to use the Network Affiliate Marks in Marketing Materials that have been approved by Network Affiliate  pursuant to the terms hereof.

NCM hereby grants to Network Affiliate at no cost a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable,  royalty-free license in the Territory during the Term only to receive, store, convert or otherwise manage, display and exhibit the Service on the  Equipment at Theatres solely in connection with its performance of and subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and such other standards, trademark usage guidelines and  specifications as are prescribed by NCM during the term of this Agreement (the "NCM Quality Standards"), NCM hereby grants to Network  Affiliate, and Network Affiliate hereby accepts, a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except in connection with an assignment of this Agreement in  accordance with Section 14.8 hereof), non-sublicenseable, limited license (i) to use the NCM Marks solely in connection with its receipt and  exhibition of the Service, as approved by NCM in writing in advance, and (ii) to use the NCM Marks in marketing or advertising materials  ("Marketing Materials") that have been approved by NCM pursuant to the terms hereof.

To the extent any Derived Works are  included in the Service, NCM hereby grants to Network Affiliate during the Term a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to  such Derived Works solely for use in connection with the Service as expressly provided by this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, NCM hereby grants to Network Affiliate, and  Network Affiliate hereby accepts, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, royalty-free limited license to the object code version of  the Software on Equipment at Theatres solely for the limited purpose of performing this Agreement.

Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, and upon reasonable prior notice to Network  Affiliate, NCM shall be entitled to enter the Theatres upon reasonable prior written notice, and any other premises of Network Affiliate where any  NCM Property may be located, and recover any and all NCM Property, unless Network Affiliate chooses to purchase such Property based on a  straight line five year depreciated value.

Any period that has been audited pursuant to this Section shall not be  subject to any further audit.

More detailed quality audits may be  performed by NCM personnel.

In addition to the foregoing audit rights of the parties, during the Term, NCM and its authorized agents  shall have the right, upon reasonable advance notice, to inspect any Network Affiliate premises or facilities involved in the performance of this  Agreement to confirm the performance and satisfaction of Network Affiliate's obligations hereunder.

Any audit with respect to  amounts payable by either party to the other party under this Agreement shall be limited to an audit with respect to amounts to be paid in the  current calendar year and immediately preceding calendar year only.

During the  Term and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, each Party, at its sole expense, shall, upon reasonable advance notice from the other party, make  such books and records available at its offices for inspection and audit by the other party, its employees and agents.

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH OF ARTICLE XIII OF THIS AGREEMENT AND WITH THE EXCEPTION OF  THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER ARTICLE X, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE  OTHER PARTY OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE,  EXEMPLARY, OR EXTRA-CONTRACTUAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER ARISING FROM OR CONNECTED WITH THIS  AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL  THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT FORESEEABLE, EVEN IF EITHER PARTY HERETO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OR  PROBABILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF THE REMEDIES OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY THIS AGREEMENT FAIL OF THEIR  ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH OF ARTICLE XIV HEREUNDER, AND WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE  INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER ARTICLE X, THE AGGREGATE TOTAL LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY TO  THE OTHER PARTY AND TO ALL OTHER PERSONS AND ENTITIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES  EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF THE NET REVENUE RECEIVED BY NCM PURSUANT TO SECTION 7.2 OF THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE FIVE  (5) YEAR PERIOD PRECEDING SUCH LIABILITY, LESS IN ANY CASE THE AGGREGATE OF ANY AMOUNTS PAID BY NCM HEREUNDER  ON ACCOUNT OF PREVIOUS EVENTS OF LIABILITY.

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH OF ARTICLE XIII OF THIS AGREEMENT AND WITH THE EXCEPTION OF  THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER ARTICLE X, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE  OTHER PARTY OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE,  EXEMPLARY, OR EXTRA-CONTRACTUAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER ARISING FROM OR CONNECTED WITH THIS  AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL  THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT FORESEEABLE, EVEN IF EITHER PARTY HERETO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OR  PROBABILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF THE REMEDIES OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY THIS AGREEMENT FAIL OF THEIR  ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH OF ARTICLE XIV HEREUNDER, AND WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE  INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER ARTICLE X, THE AGGREGATE TOTAL LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY TO  THE OTHER PARTY AND TO ALL OTHER PERSONS AND ENTITIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES  EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF THE NET REVENUE RECEIVED BY NCM PURSUANT TO SECTION 7.2 OF THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE FIVE  (5) YEAR PERIOD PRECEDING SUCH LIABILITY, LESS IN ANY CASE THE AGGREGATE OF ANY AMOUNTS PAID BY NCM HEREUNDER  ON ACCOUNT OF PREVIOUS EVENTS OF LIABILITY.

The obligations under this Section 10.3 state the  entire liability of NCM and are Network Affiliate's sole and exclusive remedies, with respect to intellectual property infringement.

Each Party will name the other Party  (including its agents, officers, directors, employees and affiliates) as an additional insured on such policies of insurance.

Network Affiliate shall maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on the  Theatres and the Equipment in such amounts and against such perils as Network Affiliate deems adequate for its business.

NCM shall maintain  with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance for its business and Equipment in such amounts and against such perils as  NCM deems adequate for its business, including the installation services set forth in Section 2.2 herein.

Neither party will at any time, except to the extent necessary to assert or defend its rights under this Agreement: (i) challenge  or otherwise do anything inconsistent with the other party's right, title or interest in its property, (ii) do or cause to be done or omit to do anything,  the doing, causing or omitting of which would contest or in any way impair or tend to impair the rights of the other party in its property, or (iii)  assist or cause any person or entity to do any of the foregoing.

Network Affiliate shall not engage in any conduct which  may place NCM or any NCM Mark in a negative light or context, and shall not represent that it owns or has any interest in any NCM Mark other  than as expressly granted herein, nor shall it contest or assist others in contesting the title or any rights of NCM (or any other owner) in and to any  NCM Mark.

NCM shall not engage in any conduct  which may place Network Affiliate or any Network Affiliate Mark in a negative light or context, and shall not represent that it owns or has any  interest in any Network Affiliate Mark other than as expressly granted herein, nor shall it contest or assist others in contesting the title or any  rights of Network Affiliate (or any other owner) in and to any Network Affiliate Mark.

Maintenance and Support Agreement

Converge

VerticalNet Enterprises LLC

Converge, Inc.

VNI

formerly known as Tradeum, Inc. which d/b/a VerticalNet Solutions

VerticalNet, Inc.

"VNE"; collectively with VNI, "Vert"

9th day of October, 2001

October 1, 2001

The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.

Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew only upon the mutual written agreement of the parties for up to three additional renewal terms of one year each (each, a "Renewal Term").

This Agreement and performance under this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within Pennsylvania between Pennsylvania residents, excluding its conflicts of law provisions.

In the event of a Vert-Non-Renewal Election, in addition to any rights or remedies that may be available to Converge under the Subscription License Agreement, the provisions of Section 8 above shall cease to apply with respect to Converge's solicitation or encouragement of any of the VNE Service Personnel to terminate their employment or independent contracting relationship with VNE and become an employee or independent contractor of Converge or its Affiliate.

indirect solicitations and other employment activities (e.g., job postings, advertising of positions) that are not specifically targeted at any particular individual.

During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of one year thereafter, Converge and Vert each agree not to directly or indirectly solicit, encourage or cause others to solicit or encourage any employees or individual independent contractors of the other party to terminate their employment or independent contracting relationship with the other party and become an employee or independent contractor of the soliciting party or its Affiliate. This provision does not prohibit a party's responding to unsolicited employment inquiries and/or any

No transfer of this Agreement by operation of law or change in Control of a party, including, without limitation, by merger, consolidation or sale or other transfer of equity interests, shall be considered an assignment for purposes of this Section 11.9.

Otherwise, neither party may assign this Agreement without the other party's prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld).

Converge shall pay to VNE a minimum fee of Four and One-Half Million Dollars ($4,500,000) for VNE's provision of the Services during the Initial Term (the "Initial Term Minimum Fee").

The number of Converge Support Personnel will not exceed seven persons without VNE's prior approval.

Except as the parties may otherwise agree in writing, Converge, to the extent it has the legal right to do so, hereby grants to Vert an irrevocable, perpetual, world-wide, non-exclusive right and license to use, load, store, transmit, execute, copy, market, distribute, in any medium or distribution technology whatsoever, known or unknown, display, perform and sublicense the Converge-Independent Materials and the Third-Party Materials, in both Source Code and Object Code formats, and to make unlimited





instantiations thereof, for any and all purposes.

Except as the parties may otherwise agree in writing, Converge, to the extent it has the legal right to do so, hereby grants to Vert an irrevocable, perpetual, world-wide, non-exclusive right and license to use, load, store, transmit, execute, copy, market, distribute, in any medium or distribution technology whatsoever, known or unknown, display, perform and sublicense the Converge-Independent Materials and the Third-Party Materials, in both Source Code and Object Code formats, and to make unlimited





instantiations thereof, for any and all purposes.

Except as the parties may otherwise agree in writing, Converge, to the extent it has the legal right to do so, hereby grants to Vert an irrevocable, perpetual, world-wide, non-exclusive right and license to use, load, store, transmit, execute, copy, market, distribute, in any medium or distribution technology whatsoever, known or unknown, display, perform and sublicense the Converge-Independent Materials and the Third-Party Materials, in both Source Code and Object Code formats, and to make unlimited





instantiations thereof, for any and all purposes.

Unless otherwise provided by local law without the possibility of contractual waiver or limitation, any legal or other action related to this Agreement must be commenced no later than two years from the date on which the cause of action arose.

CONVERGE TO VERT FOR SUCH MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES DURING THE THREE MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH THE CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION FOR ANY SUCH DAMAGES FIRST AROSE.

In the event of any breach of the foregoing warranty, and provided that Converge reports such breach to VNE in writing within 90 days following the date of performance of the Services in question, VNE shall, as its sole obligation and Converge's sole and exclusive remedy, promptly repair, replace or re-perform the Services in question, without additional cost to Converge, so as to correct the warranty non-compliance as promptly as practicable (within 30 days to the extent technically feasible).

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE OR OBLIGATED IN ANY MANNER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS, REVENUES OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES) HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE.

IF A CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION IS ATTRIBUTABLE TO A PRODUCT OR ANY SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THE SUBSCRIPTION LICENSE AGREEMENT, THE REMEDIES SET FORTH IN THE SUBSCRIPTION LICENSE AGREEMENT, TO THE EXCLUSION OF THE REMEDIES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, SHALL CONSTITUTE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO A PARTY FOR SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY TO THE OTHER OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR DAMAGES, IF ANY, RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY MAINTENANCE UPDATE, ENHANCEMENT OR SERVICES PROVIDED OR TO BE PROVIDED HEREUNDER, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORT, STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY, THE FAILURE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY TO ACHIEVE ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED (I) WITH RESPECT TO ANY ENHANCEMENT PROVIDED HEREUNDER, THE AMOUNTS PAID BY CONVERGE TO VERT FOR SUCH ENHANCEMENT, AND (II) WITH RESPECT TO ANY MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES, THE AMOUNTS PAID BY

IF A CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION IS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ANY MAINTENANCE UPDATE, ENHANCEMENT OR SERVICES PROVIDED OR TO BE PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, THE REMEDIES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, TO THE EXCLUSION OF THE REMEDIES SET FORTH IN THE SUBSCRIPTION LICENSE AGREEMENT, SHALL CONSTITUTE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO A PARTY FOR SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION.

In the event of any breach of the foregoing warranty, and provided that Converge reports such breach to VNE in writing within 90 days following the date of performance of the Services in question, VNE shall, as its sole obligation and Converge's sole and exclusive remedy, promptly repair, replace or re-perform the Services in question, without additional cost to Converge, so as to correct the warranty non-compliance as promptly as practicable (within 30 days to the extent technically feasible).

TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18150

ANR PIPELINE COMPANY

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership

Transporter

Shipper

December 14, 2015

EFFECTIVE DATE: November 01, 2016

TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017

Any controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan.

Maximum Daily Quantity (Dth/Day) per Location:

Begin Date End Date Point(s) of Primary Receipt Point(s) of Primary Delivery MDQ

Maximum Allowable Operating Pressure (MAOP)

11/01/2014 03/31/2015 SOUTH CHESTER 101,300 974 11/01/2014 03/31/2015 DEWARD 101,300 974 04/01/2015 10/31/2015 SOUTH CHESTER 0 974 11/01/2015 03/31/2016 SOUTH CHESTER 101,300 974 11/01/2015 03/31/2016 DEWARD 101,300 974 04/01/2016 10/31/2016 SOUTH CHESTER 0 974 11/01/2016 03/31/2017 SOUTH CHESTER 101,300 974 11/01/2016 03/31/2017 DEWARD 101,300 974 04/01/2017 10/31/2017 SOUTH CHESTER 0 974 11/01/2014 03/31/2015 FARWELL 101,300 974 04/01/2015 10/31/2015 FARWELL 0 974 11/01/2015 03/31/2016 FARWELL 101,300 974 04/01/2016 10/31/2016 FARWELL 0 974 11/01/2016 03/31/2017 FARWELL 101,300 974 04/01/2017 10/31/2017 FARWELL 0 974

MAXIMUM DAILY QUANTITY (Dth/Day): 101,300

PHOTO RETOUCHING OUTSOURCING AGREEMENT

DGT Corp.

DGT

Dolphin Industries Limited

Dolphin

1st  day of JUNE , 2006

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have hereunto executed this Agreement on the 1st  day of JUNE , 2006 , but effective as of the Date of Commencement.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, USA in force therein without regard to its conflict of law rules.

Dolphin will provide photo-editing services exclusively, at DGT option, when the number of downloaded photos to be edited by Dolphin totals 50,000 in a single year;

Dolphin shall permit any duly authorized representative of DGT, during normal business hours and at DGT's sole risk and expense, to enter upon and into any premises of Dolphin for the purpose of inspecting the service.

In no event shall DGT be liable for consequential or incidental damages arising from any breach or breaches of this Agreement.

No action, whether in contract or tort (including negligence), or otherwise arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, may be brought by Dolphin more than six months after the cause of action has occurred.

DGT's total liability, whether under the express or implied terms of this Agreement, in tort (including negligence), or at common law, for any loss or damage suffered by Dolphin, whether direct, indirect or special, or any other similar or like damage that may arise or does arise from any breaches of this Agreement by DGT and its Directors, Officers or agents, shall be limited to the amount of the cost of the products.

Multiple LINAC and Multi-Modality Distributor Agreement

Accuray

Siemens

SIEMENS AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT

ACCURAY INCORPORATED

June 8, 2010

June 8, 2010

Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement,  this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement;  provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic  Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the  "Term").

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts of International Sale of Goods (CISG) and the provisions of German private  international law.

Neither this Agreement, nor any of the rights, interests, or obligations under this Agreement may be assigned or  delegated, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by any party without the prior written consent of the other party,  and any such assignment without such prior written consent shall be null and void; provided, however, that this Agreement may be  assigned by a Party in connection with a Change in Control of such party, subject to the specific termination and other rights set  forth in the Strategic

Alliance Agreement upon such Change in Control; provided, further, that Siemens may assign its rights and obligations under this  Agreement to any Distributor that agrees, in writing, to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement  and the provisions of the Strategic Alliance Agreement, provided, that no such assignment shall relieve Siemens of its obligations  hereunder or thereunder if such Distributor does not perform such obligations.

Accuray  hereby grants Distributor or Customer a nonexclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free right to use the software provided in  connection with the Products only in machine readable form and only in combination with the Products with which such software is  provided.

Accuray hereby grants to  Customers of Products a non-exclusive, non-transferable and royalty-free license under any Patents owned by Accuray or the  licensing of which is controlled by Accuray that, but for this license, would be infringed by the use of such Products in accordance  with the applicable Specification.

Accuray  hereby grants Distributor or Customer a nonexclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free right to use the software provided in  connection with the Products only in machine readable form and only in combination with the Products with which such software is  provided.

Accuray hereby grants to  Customers of Products a non-exclusive, non-transferable and royalty-free license under any Patents owned by Accuray or the  licensing of which is controlled by Accuray that, but for this license, would be infringed by the use of such Products in accordance  with the applicable Specification.

Furthermore, each of the parties agree to cooperate fully with the other for  any reasonable transition assistance required in the case of termination or expiration of this Agreement.

Upon a termination of this Agreement, Accuray shall continue to make available to Customers support services on  commercially reasonable terms, including, without limitation, spare parts for the Systems for a minimum period of 10 years after the  last shipment of a System pursuant to this Agreement.

Accuray and Distributor agree to negotiate in good faith an orderly transition of Distributor's  distribution responsibilities and activities to Accuray or a third party designated by Accuray and Distributor agrees to  assist in the transition.

WITHOUT AFFECTING STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY UNDER MANDATORY APPLICABLE LAW,  SECTION 10, OR THE RESPECTIVE OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THE CONFIDENTIAILITY AGREEMENT AND  EXCEPT FOR BREACHES ASSOCIATED WITH THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, IN NO EVENT  SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR  TORT DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA,  LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF BUSINESS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATTERS CONTEMPLATED  BY THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Without affecting Section 10 or the respective obligations of the parties under the Confidentiality Agreement and except  for any liability (i) relating to any breach associated with the unauthorized use of Intellectual Property, (ii) arising from the  intentional breach or willful misconduct of a party, or (iii) arising from the non-compliance with any mandatory applicable law or  regulation, the total aggregate liability of one party to another party for any claim relating to any breach of this Agreement (or any  Purchase Order or other agreement entered into in connection with this Agreement) (a "Claim") shall be limited to the aggregate  amount of the purchase prices paid by Distributor to Accuray for Products pursuant to this Agreement (or any Purchase Order or  other Agreement entered into in connection with this Agreement) during the twelve calendar months preceding the date of the  notification to the other party of such Claim less any amounts paid or payable in respect of any other Claim of which the other party  was notified during such twelve month period.

This is Accuray's sole and exclusive obligation and Customer's and Distributor's sole  and exclusive remedy in relation to any Safety Update required to be provided by applicable law in the Customer's  jurisdiction.

WITHOUT AFFECTING STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY UNDER MANDATORY APPLICABLE LAW,  SECTION 10, OR THE RESPECTIVE OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THE CONFIDENTIAILITY AGREEMENT AND  EXCEPT FOR BREACHES ASSOCIATED WITH THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, IN NO EVENT  SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR  TORT DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA,  LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF BUSINESS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATTERS CONTEMPLATED  BY THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

This will be Accuray's sole and exclusive obligation  and such Customer's sole and exclusive remedy in relation to defective Products and parts.

This is Accuray's  sole and exclusive obligation and Customer's and Distributor's sole and exclusive remedy in relation to defective software.

If a Customer notifies Accuray in writing during the Warranty Period of a defect in a Product that  causes the Product to fail to conform to the foregoing warranty, Accuray shall at its option either repair or replace the non- conforming Product or, if in Accuray's opinion such repair or replacement is not commercially reasonable, Accuray shall  refund a pro-rated portion of the price paid by the Customer for such Product calculated based on a straight-line  depreciation over a 5-year period beginning on the date of delivery.

Without affecting Section 10 or the respective obligations of the parties under the Confidentiality Agreement and except  for any liability (i) relating to any breach associated with the unauthorized use of Intellectual Property, (ii) arising from the  intentional breach or willful misconduct of a party, or (iii) arising from the non-compliance with any mandatory applicable law or  regulation, the total aggregate liability of one party to another party for any claim relating to any breach of this Agreement (or any  Purchase Order or other agreement entered into in connection with this Agreement) (a "Claim") shall be limited to the aggregate  amount of the purchase prices paid by Distributor to Accuray for Products pursuant to this Agreement (or any Purchase Order or  other Agreement entered into in connection with this Agreement) during the twelve calendar months preceding the date of the  notification to the other party of such Claim less any amounts paid or payable in respect of any other Claim of which the other party  was notified during such twelve month period.

WITHOUT AFFECTING STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY UNDER MANDATORY APPLICABLE LAW, THE FOREGOING  PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION SET FORTH ACCURAY'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY AND DISTRIBUTOR'S SOLE  AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  RIGHTS OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF ANY KIND.

Accuray will provide a warranty to each Customer that the Products will be free from material defects and  perform substantially in accordance with the written Specifications provided by Accuray as reflected in the regulatory  clearance at the time of sale for a period of one (1) year following Installation of the Products at Customer's facility, but not  to exceed eighteen (18) months following shipment of such Products to Distributor ("Warranty Period").

Notwithstanding Section 4.6.2, for a period of 10 years following Installation of a System, Accuray will  provide to Customer, without charge, Bug Fixes with respect to any software included in the System.

Notwithstanding Section 4.6.2 and any obligations according to law, for a period of 10 years following  Installation of a System, Accuray will provide to Customer, without charge, Safety Updates with respect to any hardware or  software included in the System.

Promotion Agreement

MBRK

"Parties" means DD and MBRK collectively.

MiddleBrook Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

DoctorDirectory.com, Inc

DD

February 3, 2010

February 3, 2010

This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of  three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.

Unless terminated in  accordance with the provisions of Section 18, this Agreement shall automatically renew for each subsequent one-year  term.

The Parties agree that the venue for any action, injunctive application or dispute determinable by a court of law arising  out of this Agreement and that this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the  laws of the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to choice of law or arbitration provisions, and that the federal  and state courts therein shall have jurisdiction over the subject matter and the Parties.

MBRK may terminate this Agreement upon 60 days notice for a Change of Control subject to the Fees outlined in  paragraph (f) of this Section 18.

This Agreement shall bind the Parties hereto and their successors and assigns, provided that neither party shall have  the right to assign this Agreement or any part thereof to a third party without the prior written consent of the other party,  however such consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

Such Promotion Fees shall be calculated by:

(a) the following formula for the period from the Effective Date through September 30, 2010:

For example: if during the month of March 2010 (a) (A) above was 2,000 TRx and (B) above was $36.50 then MBRK  would be remit $36,500.00 to DD.

OR

(b) the following formula for the period from October 1, 2010 through termination of this Agreement:

  (A)   the Actual DD Target Segment MOXATAG TRx for the Promotional Measurement Period multiplied by:      (B)   the applicable Gross Margin Per TRx multiplied by:      (C)   50%.

  (A)   the Actual DD Target Segment MOXATAG TRx Tablets for the Promotional Measurement Period multiplied by:      (B)   the applicable Gross Margin Per Tablet multiplied by:      (C)   50%.

In the event DD retains the service of a third party to perform any of DD's obligations hereunder DD shall, prior to  commencement of any work by such third party, obtain the third party's written acknowledgement that all work done by  such third party shall be deemed "work made for hire" and that the copyright in such material shall rest and remain with  MBRK, or secure from such third party written assignment of all right, title and interest in and to the copyright in any  material created by such third party.

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, DD hereby  sells, assigns and transfers to MBRK and MBRK shall be the exclusive owner, assignee, and transferee of the entire  right, title and interest, including all renewals for the entire world, in and to all work performed and work product  developed or produced under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, materials (including Promotional Materials),  writings, documents or other information conceived or reduced to practice or







authored by DD or any of DD Representative's, either solely or jointly with others, in connection with and/or pursuant to  this Agreement or the relationship established between DD and MBRK or with information, materials (including  Promotional Materials) or facilities of MBRK received or used by DD or DD's Representatives during the period in which  DD is retained by MBRK.

Upon  termination or expiration of this Agreement, if specifically requested by MBRK, DD shall provide originals or copies of  such records to MBRK.

If the Agreement is terminated in years 2 or 3 by MBRK providing notice to DD  within 60 days of the then current anniversary date of its intent not to renew, then MBRK will pay DD the End of  Agreement Fee but no Early Termination Fee.

DD shall also make its records and other documents relevant to MBRK and  this Agreement available for audit or review by MBRK upon MBRK's request at a mutually agreed upon time.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY, UNDER  ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND,  SUFFERED BY OR OTHERWISE COMPENSABLE TO SUCH OTHER PARTY, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR  RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH.

If MBRK terminates this Agreement in the first year of the Agreement  for any reason, then MBRK will pay DD a) an Early Termination Fee plus b) the End of Agreement Fee.

"Early Termination Fee" means that amount equal to the most recent month's Promotion Fee prior to  termination, multiplied by the number of unexpired months remaining in the current year of the Agreement.

If MBRK  terminates the Agreement in years 2 or 3 prior to the period 60 days before the anniversary date, then MBRK will pay  DD only the Early Termination Fee.

JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

Club

The ARC Group, Inc.

Jacksonville Jaguars, LLC

Sponsor

November 27, 2017

April 1, 2018

The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as part of the consideration of the full and timely payment of the Sponsor Fees, Club hereby grants to Sponsor, and Sponsor hereby accepts, solely in the Territory, and during the Term: (i) the right to use the Benefits set forth on Exhibit A and the license and right to use the Team Marks solely in connection with the advertisement and promotion of Sponsor's Dick's Wings and Grill branded restaurants (the "Sponsor Business") in accordance with this Agreement; and (ii) the right to use the designation "Official Wings of the Jacksonville Jaguars" and such other designations as Club and Sponsor may agree to in a writing from time to time (collectively, the "Official Designations"), solely in connection with the Sponsor Business.

Network Build and Maintenance Agreement

Commnet Wireless, LLC

AT&T Mobility LLC

Vendor

AT&T

each of which may be referred to in the singular as a "Party" or in the plural as the "Parties."

31  day of July, 2019

31  day of July, 2019

The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

The laws of the State of New York (excluding any laws that direct the application of another jurisdiction's law) govern all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement and all of the transactions it contemplates, including its validity, interpretation, construction, performance, and enforcement.

Subject to Section 3.5(b), in the event that Vendor, prior to Location Acceptance at all Cell Sites and without the prior written consent of AT&T, consummates (i) any sale, assignment, transfer, license, lease or conveyance of any interest in any Cell Site or any of the Material or Services contemplated in this Agreement or (ii) any Change of Control of Vendor to a Restricted Entity or to any other Person who, in AT&T's reasonable discretion, lacks the financial or operational resources, skill or expertise to fulfill the obligations of Vendor contemplated by this Agreement, then AT&T may terminate this Agreement and exercise any other remedies available to AT&T under this Agreement or at law or equity, including any of its Termination Remedies set forth in the Build Addendum.

discretion, to (x) immediately terminate the Maintenance Addendum without further liability or obligation (other than payment of Maintenance Fees for Maintenance Services performed prior to the date of such termination), but not this Agreement or the obligation to make the Structured Payments herein; and/or (y) prepay all of the remaining Structured Payments at any time in one lump sum payment without penalty, liability or obligations (including any "make- whole" obligation or Close-Out Costs (as such term is defined in the Build Addendum)).

If, following Location Acceptance of all Cell Sites, Vendor consummates any Change of Control of Vendor to any Restricted Entity without the prior written consent of AT&T, then AT&T shall have the right, in its sole

Each Party may assign its rights under the Agreement, but any assignment of rights will be void to the extent that (i) the assignment purports to impose upon the non-assigning Party additional costs or obligations or requires AT&T to make payments to any Person other than Vendor, (ii) the assignment purports to preclude AT&T from dealing solely and directly with Vendor in all matters pertaining to this Agreement, including with respect to payments of Structured Payments and Maintenance Fees or (iii) the assignee is a Restricted Entity.

Neither Party may assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement, voluntarily or involuntarily, without the prior written consent of the other Party (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed and which shall be signed by an authorized representative of the Party giving such consent); provided, however, that without the consent of Vendor, AT&T may assign its rights, or delegate its duties, or both, in whole or in part, to any present or future Affiliate of AT&T so long as AT&T Mobility LLC shall remain liable for such Affiliate's failure to satisfy its obligations hereunder.

Any assignment, delegation or transfer for which consent is required hereby and which is made without such consent given in writing will be void.

To the extent needed to perfect AT&T's ownership in AT&T Data, Vendor hereby assigns all right, title and interest in AT&T Data to AT&T.

To the extent needed to perfect AT&T's ownership in AT&T Derived Data, Vendor hereby assigns all right, title and interest in AT&T Derived Data to AT&T.

AT&T shall be the exclusive owner of all right, title, and interest in and to all Paid- For Development (defined below), including, without limitation, all Intellectual Property Rights therein and thereto.

Vendor shall assign or have assigned to AT&T and hereby assigns to AT&T all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Paid-For Development.

The sole exception to the foregoing reservation of rights is that AT&T hereby grants Vendor a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable license (that shall automatically terminate upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement), under any rights owned by AT&T, to use the AT&T Provided Items and Paid- For Development solely as instructed by AT&T and to the extent necessary for Vendor to perform its obligations under this Agreement, subject further to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

In no way expanding the foregoing license, said license in no manner permits Vendor to (and Vendor hereby promises not to without the explicit prior written and signed consent of AT&T Intellectual Property, LLC ("ATTIP Consent")) make use of any AT&T Provided Items, Paid- For Development or AT&T Intellectual Property Rights either for the benefit of any third party or other than as instructed in writing by AT&T (AT&T may be willing, in its sole discretion, to grant ATTIP Consent in exchange for appropriate additional compensation).

Vendor hereby grants and promises to grant and have granted to AT&T and its Affiliates a royalty-free, nonexclusive, sublicensable, assignable, transferable, irrevocable, perpetual, world- wide license in and to any applicable Intellectual Property Rights of Vendor to use, copy, modify, distribute, display, perform, import, make, sell, offer to sell, and exploit (and have others do any of the foregoing on or for AT&T's or any of its customers' behalf or benefit) any Intellectual Property Rights of Vendor or any third party that are not included in Material or Paid-For Development but necessary to operate the Cell Sites or receive the full benefit of the Work.

AT&T grants to Vendor a license to access, use, and copy the AT&T Derived Data, with no right to grant sublicenses, solely for the performance of Vendor's obligations during the Term of this Agreement and solely in compliance with AT&T's privacy policies, including obligations relating to Customer Information.

The sole exception to the foregoing reservation of rights is that AT&T hereby grants Vendor a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable license (that shall automatically terminate upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement), under any rights owned by AT&T, to use the AT&T Provided Items and Paid- For Development solely as instructed by AT&T and to the extent necessary for Vendor to perform its obligations under this Agreement, subject further to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

T&T grants to Vendor a license to access, use, and copy the AT&T Derived Data, with no right to grant sublicenses, solely for the performance of Vendor's obligations during the Term of this Agreement and solely in compliance with AT&T's privacy policies, including obligations relating to Customer Information.

Vendor hereby grants and promises to grant and have granted to AT&T and its Affiliates a royalty-free, nonexclusive, sublicensable, assignable, transferable, irrevocable, perpetual, world- wide license in and to any applicable Intellectual Property Rights of Vendor to use, copy, modify, distribute, display, perform, import, make, sell, offer to sell, and exploit (and have others do any of the foregoing on or for AT&T's or any of its customers' behalf or benefit) any Intellectual Property Rights of Vendor or any third party that are not included in Material or Paid-For Development but necessary to operate the Cell Sites or receive the full benefit of the Work.

Vendor hereby grants and promises to grant and have granted to AT&T and its Affiliates a royalty-free, nonexclusive, sublicensable, assignable, transferable, irrevocable, perpetual, world- wide license in and to any applicable Intellectual Property Rights of Vendor to use, copy, modify, distribute, display, perform, import, make, sell, offer to sell, and exploit (and have others do any of the foregoing on or for AT&T's or any of its customers' behalf or benefit) any Intellectual Property Rights of Vendor or any third party that are not included in Material or Paid-For Development but necessary to operate the Cell Sites or receive the full benefit of the Work.

(ii) provide reasonable assistance as may be necessary for the orderly, non-disrupted continuation of the Services, (iii) transfer all of the contracts related to the Cell Sites to AT&T

Vendor will maintain and retain the records set forth in Subsection (a) during the term of the Agreement and for three (3) years thereafter (unless a discovery or legal hold request is made with respect to such records, in which case Vendor shall retain such records until AT&T notifies Vendor that such discovery or legal hold request has expired)

Vendor shall, at AT&T's option, return to AT&T, or hold for AT&T's disposition, any or all of such material provided by AT&T under this Agreement upon termination of this Agreement or the withdrawal of the material furnished; provided however, that with respect to any scrap produced as a by-product remaining in Vendor's possession at the completion of all Work to be provided at a Cell Site, Vendor shall, at AT&T's option, return to AT&T, or hold for AT&T's disposition, such scrap material for a period of one hundred twenty (120) days following the earlier of Location

as contemplated in the Build Addendum and (iv) reimburse AT&T for any AT&T Provided Equipment or other assets that are not installed at a Cell Site and cannot be returned in good working order (based on the acquisition costs plus taxes and shipping costs).

Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, but prior to the effectiveness of full termination of the Agreement, AT&T may exercise any rights and remedies available to AT&T under this Agreement, at law or in equity, including AT&T's right to exercise any one or more of the Termination Remedies set forth in the Build Addendum, and Vendor shall, upon the request and at the expense (other than termination in accordance with Subsection (c) hereof) of AT&T:

AT&T Audits may be conducted once a year (or more frequently if requested by governmental authorities who regulate AT&T's business, if required by applicable Law or if auditors require follow-up access to complete audit inquiries or if an audit uncovers any problems or deficiencies), upon at least ten (10) business days advance notice (unless otherwise mandated by Law) and during business hours. Vendor will cooperate, and will ensure that its Subcontractors cooperate, in the AT&T Audits, and will make the information reasonably required to conduct the AT&T Audits available on a timely basis.

Prior to Location Acceptance, Vendor shall provide AT&T escorted access to the premises wherein all such material is located and, following Location Acceptance, AT&T shall have access to the premises wherein all such material is located pursuant to the terms of the Master License Agreement and the applicable Site License thereunder or any third party Tower Lease, as applicable.

When the FirstNet Authority or other governmental authority requests to review Vendor's records, AT&T and its auditors will review these records first if the FirstNet Authority or other governmental authority permits such review, and provide the records to the requesting governmental authority; provided, however, the FirstNet Authority and other governmental authorities retain the right to perform audits independent of AT&T.

AT&T's access to the records and other supporting documentation shall include the right to inspect and photocopy Vendor's documentation and the documentation of its Subcontractors as provided to Vendor, and the right to retain copies thereof outside of their physical location with appropriate safeguards, if such retention is deemed reasonably necessary by AT&T and only to the extent that all such records are maintained by AT&T in accordance with Section 3.16 hereof.

AT&T may inspect and inventory the material furnished by AT&T under this Agreement during Vendor's normal business hours.

Subject to Subsection (g) below, Vendor shall provide and shall require that its Subcontractors provide to AT&T, its auditors (including internal audit staff and external auditors), and governmental authorities access at all reasonable times to:

(i) any facility at which the Services or any portion thereof are being performed;

(ii) systems and assets used to provide the Services or any portion thereof;

(iii) Vendor employees and Subcontractor employees providing the Services or any portion thereof; and

(iv) all Vendor and Subcontractor records, including financial records relating to the invoices and payment obligations and supporting documentation, pertaining to the Services.

With respect to AT&T requests for audits or inspections of Vendor's Subcontractors, the following applies:

(i) If Vendor's agreement with its applicable Subcontractor permits an AT&T Audit, AT&T shall be permitted to conduct such audit directly or through a third party representative. Vendor shall work with AT&T in facilitating the Subcontractor's cooperation for an expeditious and thorough audit or inspection.

(ii) If Vendor's contract with its applicable Subcontractor precludes AT&T from directly conducting an audit or inspection, Vendor shall use reasonable best efforts to enable AT&T to perform an audit of the Subcontractor with Vendor coordinating the audit process. Failing those efforts, Vendor shall, upon AT&T's request and at AT&T's expense, conduct the audit or inspection on behalf of AT&T, subject to terms agreed to by Vendor and AT&T for the Subcontractor audit, such as areas to be audited, applicable fees, and the timeframe for reporting audit results to AT&T. If AT&T's request for a Vendor audit or inspection arises from, in AT&T's good faith opinion, materially or consistently deficient Service provided by the Subcontractor under AT&T's account, and the audit in both Parties' opinions confirms such deficiencies, Vendor shall not charge AT&T a fee for the Vendor's audit of its Subcontractor.

(iii) If Vendor's contract with its applicable Subcontractor does not allow Vendor access to the facilities and systems of Subcontractor required to conduct the audit described in Subsection (b) above, then Vendor shall provide a list of such Subcontractors and the services being provided by such Subcontractor to AT&T for its review. To the extent AT&T deems it reasonably necessary to require such access, then Vendor will renegotiate its contract with the applicable Subcontractor in order to obtain the audit rights described in Subsection (b) above.

Vendor shall provide to AT&T (or its third party delegate), upon request and at no charge, its parent company, ATN International, Inc.'s bona fide and unedited: (a) financial statements for each quarter of each fiscal year during the term of the Build Addendum and (b) audited fiscal year financial statements for each fiscal year during the Term hereof.

Vendor will provide AT&T, at AT&T's request and cost, with paper and electronic copies of documents and information reasonably necessary to verify Vendor's compliance with this Agreement.

Failing those efforts, Vendor shall, upon AT&T's request and at AT&T's expense, conduct the audit or inspection on behalf of AT&T, subject to terms agreed to by Vendor and AT&T for the Subcontractor audit, such as areas to be audited, applicable fees, and the timeframe for reporting audit results to AT&T

AT&T and its auditors (including internal audit staff and external auditors) and governmental authorities shall have the right to review such records ("AT&T Audits") held and created by Vendor, to verify the following:

(i) the accuracy of Vendor's invoices and AT&T's payment obligations hereunder;

(ii) that the Work charged for was actually performed;

(iii) that the Services have been and are being provided in accordance with this Agreement;

(iv) the integrity of Vendor's systems that process, store, support, maintain, and transmit AT&T data;

(v) Vendor's records relating to the performance of Vendor's Subcontractors with respect to any portion of the Services; and

(vi) that Vendor and its Subcontractors are complying with Section 3.6 hereof.

The scope of AT&T Audits shall also include:

(i) practices and procedures used in performing the Services;

(ii) systems, communications and information technology used in performing the Services;

(iii) general controls and security practices and procedures;

(iv) supporting information and calculations regarding invoices and compliance with service requirements;

(v) quality initiatives and quality assurance; and

(vi) compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for any special, consequential, incidental or punitive damages, however caused, based on any theory of liability except to the extent such damages are payable by such Party (a) pursuant to its indemnification obligations under Section 3.15 and infringement indemnification obligations under Section 3.17, (b) arising out of or resulting from such Party's breach of its confidentiality obligations set forth in this Agreement (including Section 3.16, Section 3.48, Section 4.2 and Exhibit A attached hereto) or (c) in connection with a Third Party Loss arising out of or resulting from such Party's violation of applicable Law.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY (AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH A PROVISION CONTAINS LANGUAGE TO THE EFFECT THAT THE PROVISION TAKES PRECEDENCE OVER OTHER PROVISIONS CONTRARY TO IT), WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, NONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING ANY LIMITATIONS REGARDING TYPES OF OR AMOUNTS OF DAMAGES OR LIABILITIES) CONTAINED ANYWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL APPLY TO VENDOR'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS SECTION.

AT&T may elect to, after consultation with Vendor and good faith discussion to negotiate another resolution:

(i) terminate its obligations solely with respect to each Cell Site affected by or related to such Permitting Delay under this Agreement and exercise any of the Termination Remedies set forth in the Build Addendum, without liability to Vendor; provided that AT&T shall pay to Vendor, an amount equal to the demonstrated costs incurred by Vendor for any Work completed (in accordance with applicable Specifications and requirements) to the extent such Work is transferred to AT&T as of the effective time of termination of the applicable terminated Cell Site, which amount shall not exceed $[***]

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for any special, consequential, incidental or punitive damages, however caused, based on any theory of liability except to the extent such damages are payable by such Party (a) pursuant to its indemnification obligations under Section 3.15 and infringement indemnification obligations under Section 3.17, (b) arising out of or resulting from such Party's breach of its confidentiality obligations set forth in this Agreement (including Section 3.16, Section 3.48, Section 4.2 and Exhibit A attached hereto) or (c) in connection with a Third Party Loss arising out of or resulting from such Party's violation of applicable Law.

Insofar as Vendor's obligations under Subsection (b)(i) result from, arise out of, or relate to a Covered Claim that is a Combination Claim, Vendor shall be liable to pay only its Proportionate Share of the Covered Loss associated with such Combination Claim.

The warranty period for all Material (excluding AT&T Provided Equipment) shall commence upon Delivery of such Material to Vendor from the OEM and shall continue for a period equal to the longer of (i) [***] or (ii) the applicable warranty period actually received by Vendor from the OEM for such Material Vendor acquired directly from the OEM, including the Vendor Provided Equipment as defined in the Build Addendum (the "Material Warranty Period").

hereunder, including the Build Services contemplated in the Build Addendum, shall commence upon Location Acceptance of the applicable Cell Site and continue for a period equal to [***] from Location Acceptance of the applicable Cell Site (the "Workmanship Warranty Period").

The warranty period for workmanship and all Services provided

At all times and at Vendor's expense, Vendor shall maintain property insurance for all perils, for full replacement cost for all property of AT&T in the care, custody and control of the Vendor.

Workers' Compensation insurance with benefits afforded under the laws of any state in which the Work is to be performed and Employers Liability insurance with limits of at least:

$500,000 for Bodily Injury - each accident $500,000 for Bodily Injury by disease - policy limits $500,000 for Bodily Injury by disease - each employee

The Parties agree that:

(i) the failure of AT&T to request such certificate of insurance or failure of AT&T to identify a deficiency will not be construed as a waiver of Vendor's obligation to maintain the insurance required under this Agreement;

(ii) the insurance required under this Agreement does not represent that coverage and limits will necessarily be adequate to protect Vendor, nor shall it be deemed as a limitation on Vendor's liability to AT&T in this Agreement;

(iii) Vendor may meet the required insurance coverages and limits below with any combination of primary and Umbrella/Excess liability insurance; and

(iv) Vendor is responsible for any deductible or self-insured retention.

With respect to Vendor's performance under this Agreement, and in addition to Vendor's obligation to indemnify, Vendor shall at its sole cost and expense:

(i) maintain the insurance coverages and limits required by this Section and any additional insurance and/or bonds required by Laws:

1. at all times during the term of this Agreement and until completion of all Work associated with this Agreement, whichever is later; and

2. with respect to any coverage maintained in a "claims-made" policy, for two (2) years following the term of this Agreement or completion of all Work associated with this Agreement, whichever is later. If a "claims-made" policy is maintained, the retroactive date must precede the commencement of Work under this Agreement;

(ii) require each Subcontractor who may perform Work under this Agreement or enter upon any Cell Site to maintain coverages, requirements, and limits at least as broad as those listed in this Section, when prorated for the value of the Work to be performed by such Subcontractor from the time when the Subcontractor begins Work, throughout the term of the Subcontractor's Work and, with respect to any coverage maintained on a "claims made" policy, if any, for two (2) years thereafter;

(iii) procure the required insurance from an insurance company eligible to do business in the state or states where Work will be performed and having and maintaining a Financial Strength Rating of "A-" or better and a Financial Size Category of "VII" or better, as rated in the A.M. Best Key Rating Guide for Property and Casualty Insurance Companies, except that, in the case of Workers' Compensation insurance, Vendor may procure insurance from the state fund of the state where Work is to be performed; and

Property Insurance with limits sufficient to cover the full replacement cost of all of the Cell Sites against direct and indirect loss or damage by fire and all other casualties and risks covered under "all risk" insurance respecting the tower and other improvements located at the Cell Site(s).

To the extent that Vendor utilizes drones, Aircraft Liability insurance covering drones and similar devices, with limits of One Million and No/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) combined single limit for bodily injury and property damage and providing coverage on a worldwide basis and including commercial use and hired operations.

Professional Liability (Errors & Omissions) insurance with limits of at least $5,000,000 each claim or wrongful act.

(iv) if requested, provide to AT&T or AT&T's third party administrator certificates of insurance stating the types of insurance and policy limits. Vendor shall provide or have the issuing insurance company provide at least thirty (30) days' advance written notice of cancellation, non-renewal, or reduction in insurance coverage, terms, or limits.

In states where Workers' Compensation insurance is a monopolistic state-run system, Vendor shall add Stop Gap Employers Liability with limits not less than $500,000 each accident or disease.

Umbrella/Excess Liability insurance with limits of at least $10,000,000 each occurrence, claim or wrongful act with terms and conditions at least as broad as the underlying Commercial General Liability, Business Automobile Liability, and Employers Liability policies. Umbrella/Excess Liability limits will be primary and non-contributory with respect to any insurance or self-insurance that is maintained by AT&T.

The Commercial General Liability insurance policy must:

1. include AT&T, its Affiliates, and their directors, officers, and employees as additional insureds. Vendor shall provide a copy of the additional insured endorsement to AT&T. The additional insured endorsement may either be specific to AT&T or may be "blanket" or "automatic" addressing any Person as required by contract. A copy of the additional insured endorsement must be provided within sixty (60) days of execution of this Agreement and within sixty (60) days of each Commercial General Liability policy renewal;

2. include a waiver of subrogation in favor of AT&T, its Affiliates, and their directors, officers and employees; and

3. be primary and non-contributory with respect to any insurance or self-insurance that is maintained by AT&T.

To the fullest extent allowable by Law, the policy must include a waiver of subrogation in favor of AT&T, its Affiliates, and their directors, officers and employees. I

Business Automobile Liability insurance if vehicles will be used in the performance of the Agreement with limits of at least $1,000,000 each accident for bodily injury and property damage, extending to all owned, hired, and non-owned vehicles. AT&T, its Affiliates and their directors, officers and employees shall be included as additional insureds on a primary and non-contributory basis.

Commercial General Liability insurance written on Insurance Services Office (ISO) Form CG 00 01 12 04 or a substitute form providing equivalent coverage, covering liability arising from premises, operations, personal injury, products/completed operations, and liability assumed under an insured contract (including the tort liability of another assumed in a business contract) with limits of at least:

$2,000,000 General Aggregate limit $1,000,000 each occurrence limit for all bodily injury or property damage incurred in any one (1) occurrence $1,000,000 each occurrence limit for Personal Injury and Advertising Injury

Proprietary and Confidential This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties. 26

Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019





$1,000,000 each occurrence limit for Products/Completed Operations

Explosion, Collapse, and Underground Damage Liability will have the same limit requirement as the Commercial General Liability policy.

If applicable, Vendor will maintain Products/Completed Operations for at least two (2) years following completion of the Work.

All AT&T Affiliates receiving Material or Services under this Agreement and the federal government of the United States shall be express third party beneficiaries under this Agreement.

STRATEGIC SALES & MARKETING AGREEMENT

Imprimis

Surgical

SightLife Surgical, Inc.

Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

4/28/2017

The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").

4/28/2017

This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").

The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").

This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding  the choice of law rules, and the parties hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the State and Federal courts  of the State of California, and agree that the State and Federal courts of the State of California shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of all disputes related to or arising out of this Agreement.

Surgical shall not promote, market or sell any products for any third party during the Term, which directly or indirectly compete with the Product.

During the Term of this Agreement, Surgical will not to enter into any other agreement or arrangement that will directly or indirectly compete with the Services to be rendered hereunder, as such agreement shall be considered a breach of this Agreement.

Either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason.

Surgical shall not assign this Agreement or any of its rights or privileges without the prior written consent of Imprimis, which consent Imprimis may grant or withhold in its sole discretion.

During the Term of the Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Imprimis shall pay to Surgical Sales Commissions equal to ten percent (10%) of the Net Sales for Product.

Surgical agrees that, at the request of Imprimis, Surgical will execute all such documents and perform all such acts as Imprimis or its duly authorized agents may reasonably require: (a) to effect the assignment of Work Product as agreed above; (b) to apply for, obtain, and vest in the name of Imprimis alone patents, patent applications, copyrights or other intellectual property rights in any country and (c) at Imprimis' expense, to assist Imprimis in prosecuting any such rights.

Surgical agrees that all Work Product shall be the sole and exclusive property of Imprimis.

If and to the extent that any Work Product is found as a matter of law not to be a "work made for hire" within the meaning of the Act, Surgical agrees to assign, and by this Agreement and Surgical's signature below, Surgical hereby does assign to Imprimis all right, title and interest in and to Work Product, and all copies thereof, and the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret and all other proprietary rights in Work Product.

Surgical  agrees that promptly upon termination of this Agreement, Surgical shall deliver to Imprimis all Work Product, either completed or uncompleted, and any documents, reports and other materials which are in Surgical's possession in connection with the performance of Services under this Agreement.

Each party shall maintain insurance, including comprehensive or commercial general liability and products liability insurance (contractual liability included), with respect to its activities under this Agreement in such amounts and with such limits as reasonable and customary in the industry, but with limits not less than the following: (a) each occurrence, one million  dollars ($1,000,000); (b) products/completed operations aggregate, five million dollars ($5,000,000); (c) personal and advertising injury, one million dollars ($1,000,000); and (d) general aggregate (commercial form only), five million dollars ($5,000,000).

Each Party shall maintain such insurance for so long as it continues its activities under this Agreement, and thereafter for so long as it customarily maintains insurance for itself covering similar activities.

TURN - KEY MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT

INVASIX LTD.

Contractor.

FLEXTRONICS ISRAEL LTD.

Customer

1.4.2011

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.

This Agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive one (1) year increments unless either party request in writing, at least ninety (90) days prior to the anniversary date, that this Agreement not to be renewed.

This Agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive one (1) year increments unless either party request in writing, at least ninety (90) days prior to the anniversary date, that this Agreement not to be renewed.

The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and all transactions under it shall be governed by the law of the State of Israel, without giving effect to choice of law rules, and both Parties consent to jurisdiction by the courts of the City of Haifa.

During the Term, of this Agreement and for an additional period of two (2) years from the date of termination of this Agreement, the Contractor undertakes not to develop on its own account any Product.

The Contractor and the Customer will not be allowed to employ employees of the other party, directly or indirectly, for one (1) year from the date the employee has ceased to be employed by the other party.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated in this Agreement, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause by giving to the other party, not less than four (4) months written notice.

Neither Party shall have the right to assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement except with the prior written consent of the other Party, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

In order to manage demand fluctuations, Contractor shall maintain an amount of additional units of each Product as FGI, in a minimum level of two (2) weeks of supply and a maximum of four (4) weeks of supply of each Product set forth in the most recent Customer's Forecast.

In the event of termination of this Agreement or a cancellation of a Purchase Order, and/or discontinuance of a Product, or excess materials created by an Engineering Change, Customer agrees to compensate Contractor for unused material inventory which are affected by such termination, cancellation or discontinuance

Contractor shall permit Customer to audit its quality procedures, upon three (3) business day advance written notice to Contractor and shall provide all assistance which is reasonably necessary for Customer to evaluate the quality of the Products.

IN ADDITION, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN OR OTHERWISE, THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT AS AN ELECTRONIC MANUFACTURING SERVICES PROVIDER WORKING ON A COST PLUS BASIS SUPPLIER MUST LIMIT ITS LIABILITY IN CONNECTION HEREWITH AND THEREFORE, CONTRACTOR'S LIABILITY IS FURTHER LIMITED IN ANY EVENT, UNDER ANY LAW, RULE OR REGULATION, TO ANY AMOUNT IT ACTUALLY RECEIVED IN CONSIDERATION OF THE MANUFACTURING SUBJECT MATTER OF THE RESPECTIVE CLAIM OR DEMAND BY CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY.

Upon any failure of a Product to comply with the above warranty, Contractor's sole obligation, and Customer's sole remedy, is for Contractor, at its option, to promptly repair or replace such Product and return it to Customer freight prepaid.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SALE OF PRODUCTS, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS ASSERTED ON THE BASIS OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING THE POSSIBILITY OF NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.

Contractor represents and warrants that, for the Warranty Period, the Products (i) will be free from defects in workmanship, material (only to the same extent as the original manufacturer of the material warrants the Contractor), and manufacture; (ii) will comply the Specifications IPC610.B standard (in all material respects and unless otherwise was instructed by Customer).

For the purpose of this Agreement, "Warranty Period" shall mean twelve (12) months as of the date of delivery to Customer.

Customer specifically agrees to maintain insurance coverage for any finished Products or materials which passes to Customer pursuant to this Agreement and which is stored on the premises of Contractor.

SUPPLY AGREEMENT

Centre for Probe Development and Commercialization

FUSION

(together the "Parties" each a "Party")

FUSION Pharmaceuticals Inc.

CPDC

effective as of the date of last signing ("Effective Date")

This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.

Following the Term, this Supply Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods of one (1) year (each a "Renewal Term"), unless a Party delivers written notice of non-renewal to the other Party [***] prior to the end of the applicable term.

Following the Term, this Supply Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods of one (1) year (each a "Renewal Term"), unless a Party delivers written notice of non-renewal to the other Party [***] prior to the end of the applicable term.

During the term and for a period of [***] thereafter, neither party shall solicit, induce, encourage or attempt to induce or encourage any employee of the other party with whom such party has had direct contact to terminate his or her employment with such other party or to breach any other obligation to such other party.

FUSION may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the CPDC where: (a) [***] following the Effective Date of this Supply Agreement, FUSION may terminate this Agreement without cause by providing CPDC with [***] prior written notice.

This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Parties hereto; provided, however, that neither Party shall transfer or assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, except where such assignment is by CPDC to any successor or subsidiary organization created within [***] of the Effective Date of this Agreement, which assignment may be completed without the prior written consent of FUSION.

Negotiating in good faith, the Parties shall agree to a reasonable minimum percentage of Product supply to [***] Import Alert.

Negotiating in good faith, the Parties shall agree to a reasonable minimum percentages of Product supply to the each territory, including but not limited to [***] and such amendment shall be closed within [***] of CPDC notifying Fusion [***] Import Alert

FUSION shall have the right but not the obligation to conduct any Batch testing [***] or investigation it determines to be of value to determine compliance of Product with the Specifications and/or pursuant to any other standard imposed by law.

Each shipment of CPDC hereunder shall be accompanied by a certificate of analysis for each Batch of CPDC therein;

CPDC shall: (a) conform to the provisions detailed within the Quality Agreement, which includes the right of FUSION to conduct inspections, and the responsibility of CPDC to conduct quality control testing of Product prior to shipment and ensure conformance with the Specifications. CPDC shall retain or have retained accurate and complete records pertaining to such testing.

CPDC shall provide to FUSION reasonable access to such records upon request Prior to destruction of any record after such time, CPDC shall give written notice to FUSION.

keep accurate financial records of all Services performed and passthrough costs under this Supply Agreement and all amounts to be invoiced to FUSION and all invoice calculations, and, upon request by FUSION, make such records available for review by FUSION or its representatives to permit verification of the correctness of such amounts and calculations.

CPDC's Shipping Records of Product will be given to Fusion on request such that Fusion can maintain the records and, if such a request is made, will be delivered within a timeframe to be detailed within Quality Agreement.

FUSION shall have the right within [***] of receipt of such notice to request that CPDC maintain such records in an off-site storage facility for such longer periods as FUSION requests, provided that FUSION pays all costs associated with such off-site storage.

EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES FOR WHICH A PARTY IS RESPONSIBLE PURSUANT TO ITS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 10 ABOVE, EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR AND SHALL IN NO EVENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EXPENSES, LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, INTERRUPTIONS OF BUSINESS OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR RESULTING FROM THE MANUFACTURE, HANDLING. MARKETING, SALE, DISTRIBUTION OR USE OF LICENSED PRODUCT REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES

Without limiting Section 11, in the event of for cause termination of this Agreement by FUSION pursuant to Section 7.2, CPDC's maximum liability shall be no greater than that set forth in Section 11.2.

CPDC'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO FUSION UNDER THIS SUPPLY AGREEMENT FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WILL NOT EXCEED [***].

EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES FOR WHICH A PARTY IS RESPONSIBLE PURSUANT TO ITS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 10 ABOVE, NO ACTION, REGARDLESS OF FORM, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY MORE THAN [***] AFTER SUCH PARTY HAS KNOWLEDGE OF THE OCCURRENCE THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CAUSE OF SUCH ACTION.

EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES FOR WHICH A PARTY IS RESPONSIBLE PURSUANT TO ITS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 10 ABOVE, EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR AND SHALL IN NO EVENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EXPENSES, LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, INTERRUPTIONS OF BUSINESS OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR RESULTING FROM THE MANUFACTURE, HANDLING. MARKETING, SALE, DISTRIBUTION OR USE OF LICENSED PRODUCT REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

CPDC hereby provides a limited product warranty, and accordingly does warrant for each Batch, that the Product shipped will (i) conform with the Specifications, (ii) be manufactured, tested, processed, packed and prepared for shipment in accordance with cGMPs, and (iii) be free from defects in material and workmanship for the period from the date of manufacture to the expiry date set out on each Unit of Product packed and prepared for shipment.

If requested, [***] shall arrange for any insurance desired by [***] on shipments of Product, in amounts that [***] shall determine, and naming [***].

COOPERATION AGREEMENT

URS Corporation

(the "Company")

("JANA")

JANA Partners LLC

March 13, 2014

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.

The Company agrees that, from the date of this Agreement until the earliest of (i) the date that is thirty (30) calendar days prior to any applicable deadline by which a shareholder must give notice to the Company of its intention to nominate a director for election at or bring other business before the 2015 Annual Meeting under the Company's ByLaws and (ii) any material breach of this Agreement by JANA (provided that JANA shall have three (3) business days following written notice from the Company of material breach to remedy such material breach if capable of remedy), neither it nor any of its Affiliates or Associates will in any manner, directly or indirectly make, or cause to be made, or in any way encourage any other person to make or cause to be made, any statement or announcement that relates to and constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or relates to and otherwise disparages, JANA, any of its members, officers or directors or any person who has served as a member, officer or director of JANA, including: (i) in any document or report filed with or furnished to the SEC or any other governmental agency, (ii) in any press release or other publicly available format or (iii) to any journalist or member of the media (including without limitation, in a television, radio, newspaper or magazine interview), or otherwise.

JANA agrees that, from the date of this Agreement until the earliest of (i) the date that is thirty (30) calendar days prior to any applicable deadline by which a shareholder must give notice to the Company of its intention to nominate a director for election at or bring other business before the 2015 Annual Meeting under the Company's ByLaws and (ii) any material breach of this Agreement by the Company (provided that the Company shall have three (3) business days following written notice from JANA of material breach to remedy such material breach if capable of remedy) (such period, the "Cooperation Period"), neither it nor any of its Affiliates or Associates will in any manner, directly or indirectly, make, or cause to be made, or in any way encourage any other person to make or cause to be made, any statement or announcement that relates to and constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or relates to and otherwise disparages, the Company, any of its officers or directors or any person who has served as an officer or director of the Company, including: (i) in any document or report filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or any other governmental agency, (ii) in any press release or other publicly available format or (iii) to any journalist or member of the media (including without limitation, in a television, radio, newspaper or magazine interview), or otherwise; provided, that if the Company makes any material announcement prior to the March Board Meeting, JANA will be permitted to make objective statements that solely reflect JANA's view, as a shareholder, with respect to such announcement.

MEDIA LICENSE AGREEMENT

PFHOF

doing business as Pro Football Hall of Fame

HOF Village, LLC

HOFV

Village Media Company

NATIONAL FOOTBALL MUSEUM, INC.

HOF Village Media Group, LLC

the date of the Closing

the date of the Closing

Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").

Thereafter, the agreement shall automatically renew for successive five (5)-year terms, unless either Party gives written notice to the other Party of intent not to renew at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then-current Term.

If either party elects not to renew the Agreement and the other party wishes to continue the Agreement, the Parties shall attempt in good faith to negotiate an amendment to the Agreement to renew the Term on such terms as may be negotiated by the Parties.

Thereafter, the agreement shall automatically renew for successive five (5)-year terms, unless either Party gives written notice to the other Party of intent not to renew at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then-current Term.

This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Ohio (without regard to conflicts of law provisions), as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of Ohio between Ohio residents.

For the avoidance of doubt, PFHOF has the exclusive and sole relationship with the NFL, its 32 Member Clubs, NFL Legends and Gold Jackets for any and all PFHOF and HOFV activities; provided, however, that any communication relating to any investment by the NFL in any Village Media Company project, may be made directly through the President of PFHOF or the Chief Executive Officer of HOFV; and, provided further, that the Village Media Company shall have the right to present opportunities related to any of the above for approval by PFHOF.

All communication with the National Football League (the "NFL"), its 32 Member Clubs, NFL Legends and Gold Jackets shall be made exclusively and directly through PFHOF.

PFHOF agrees not to grant licenses to create new PFHOF Works, except with respect to the categories identified on Exhibit A, to any third party during the Term without first offering to the Village Media Company the right of first refusal to create such PFHOF Works on equal terms, subject to any Rights Restrictions.

The Parties shall then negotiate in good faith an agreement to exclusively license the particular PFHOF Work. If the Parties reach an agreement within thirty (30) days, then the applicable license shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Village Media Company shall pay to PFHOF a License Fee for such license in accordance with this Agreement. If the Parties cannot reach an agreement within thirty (30) days, then PFHOF shall have the right to exploit or license the PFHOF Work itself.

If PFHOF desires to offer a license to any third party or if it receives any bona fide offer from a third party that it is willing to accept, it shall promptly communicate such offer, including the specific terms and business plan relating to such offer, to the Village Media Company and provide the Village Media Company with at least fourteen (14) days to exercise its right of first refusal.

If the Village Media Company does not exercise its right of first refusal, PFHOF shall have the right to grant a license with respect to such third party on the same terms originally provided to the Village Media Company.

PFHOF agrees that during the Term, except with respect to the categories identified on Exhibit A, if PFHOF desires to either exploit itself or license a third party to exploit an existing PFHOF Work, it shall first give the Village Media Company a right of first offer to exclusively license such PFHOF Work, subject to any Rights Restrictions.

In addition to and without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, in the event the Village Media Company or HOFV fails to pay the Annual Guarantee to PFHOF in accordance with Section 5.1 and such failure is not cured within thirty (30) days of notice thereof by PFHOF, then the rights of first offer granted to HOFV in Section 3.1 of the First Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2019 between PFHOF and HOFV (the "License Agreement") shall automatically and immediately terminate, regardless of whether PFHOF elects not to terminate this Agreement in accordance Section 4.2.

If the Village Media Company elects to exercise its right of first refusal, the terms of the offer shall apply, the applicable license shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Village Media Company shall pay to PFHOF a License Fee (as defined below) for such license in accordance with this Agreement.

In such a case, PFHOF shall promptly notify the Village Media Company and provide the Village Media Company with any bona fide third party offer to license such PFHOF Work that PFHOF is willing to accept, including any specific terms and proposed business plan relating to such offer.

PFHOF agrees that during the Term, except with respect to the categories identified on Exhibit A, it will not create new PFHOF Works without first granting the Village Media Company a right of first offer to create such PFHOF Work, subject to any Rights Restrictions.

For purposes of this Section 4.4, a "Change of Control" shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions that results in (including by way of merger or consolidation), or that is in connection with, the Village Media Company no longer being controlled (as defined in Section 1.2) by or under common control (as defined in Section 1.2) with HOFV.

In addition to and without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, if a Change of Control occurs at any time during the Term, PFHOF shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon giving notice of such termination to the Village Media Company.

The Village Media Company shall not, directly or indirectly, assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of PFHOF.

The Parties acknowledge and agree that two hundred twenty five thousand dollars ($225,000) (the "Youth Sports License Fee") shall be credited against the Annual Guarantee on the Closing Date and each anniversary of the Closing Date during the Term for the license granted by PFHOF to Youth Sports Management, LLC ("Youth Sports") pursuant to that certain branding license agreement to be entered into on the Effective Date between PFHOF and Youth Sports for so long as such agreement remains in effect; provided that after the first five (5) years of the Term, the Youth Sports License Fee shall increase by three percent (3%) on a year-over year basis and thereafter, the aggregate amount of the Youth Sports License Fee, after giving effect to such increase each year, shall be the amount credited against the Annual Guarantee.

To the extent that the Village Media Company and PFHOF work collaboratively on media projects, the EP's services on such projects for the benefit of PFHOF shall be charged to PFHOF at cost without markup.

provided that the Parties acknowledge and agree that after the first five (5) years of the Term, the Annual Guarantee shall increase by three percent (3%) on a year-over-year basis (e.g., the Annual Guarantee shall increase to $1,287,500 for year six (6) and to $1,326,125 for year seven (7)).

Subject to Section 2.6, the Village Media Company shall, or shall cause HOFV to, pay to PFHOF a minimum guarantee of one million two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($1,250,000) (the "Annual Guarantee") each year during the Term; provided that the Parties acknowledge and agree that after the first five (5) years of the Term, the Annual Guarantee shall increase by three percent (3%) on a year-over-year basis (e.g., the Annual Guarantee shall increase to $1,287,500 for year six (6) and to $1,326,125 for year seven (7)).

Any HOFV Works created pursuant to this Agreement shall exclusively be owned by the Village Media Company; provided, however, that, (i) PFHOF shall own all right, title, interest, and copyright in and to the underlying PFHOF Work(s) as further set forth in Section 2.5 and (ii) the Village Media Company's ownership is subject in all events to any Rights Restrictions and the terms of the license (including the term of such license) granted by PFHOF in connection with such HOFV Work pursuant to Section 2.3.

The Village Media Company agrees, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates and their permitted sublicensees, that all uses by the Village Media Company or any of its Affiliates or their respective permitted sublicensees of the PFHOF Work shall inure to the benefit of PFHOF, and any right that may accrue to the Village Media Company, any of its Affiliates or any of their respective permitted sublicensees related thereto and any goodwill associated therewith are hereby granted and assigned to PFHOF or its designee

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall grant Village Media Company or its Affiliates the right or license to (i) any live (or near live) rights to Exploit any events or other content owned or controlled by PFHOF (e.g., Enshrinement Ceremonies), or (ii) any programming or content in connection with or related to any Enshrinement Ceremony or the Enshrinement selection process (e.g., selection meetings, voting, debates or discussions prior to or during any selection meeting, presenter speeches, discussions or events immediately after Enshrinement Ceremonies, etc.).

In addition to any rights set forth herein, PFHOF shall have the right and license to Exploit HOFV Works, at no fee or charge to PFHOF or any of its Affiliates, for educational, not-for-profit purposes aligned with the mission of PFHOF which usage shall not diminish the value of the Village Media Company's or its Affiliates' Exploitation of such HOFV Work in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 2.3, 2.4, 2.6 and 5 below), PFHOF hereby grants to the Village Media Company a worldwide, non-exclusive, limited, non-sublicenseable and non-assignable (except to the extent set forth in this Agreement) right and license to (a) Exploit the PFHOF Works and (b) edit, supplement or otherwise adapt, incorporate or otherwise utilize, the PFHOF Works to create, produce and Exploit new, original work(s) (each such work in this clause (b), a "HOFV Work").

The Village Media Company shall not, directly or indirectly, assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of PFHOF.

The Village Media Company shall not, directly or indirectly, assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of PFHOF. T

Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 2.3, 2.4, 2.6 and 5 below), PFHOF hereby grants to the Village Media Company a worldwide, non-exclusive, limited, non-sublicenseable and non-assignable (except to the extent set forth in this Agreement) right and license to (a) Exploit the PFHOF Works and (b) edit, supplement or otherwise adapt, incorporate or otherwise utilize, the PFHOF Works to create, produce and Exploit new, original work(s) (each such work in this clause (b), a "HOFV Work").

The Village Media Company shall have the right to sublicense (a) the production and creation of the HOFV Works and (b) Exploitation of the PFHOF Works hereunder to any of its Affiliates; provided, that, Village Media Company shall (x) cause such sublicenses to comply with all terms and conditions of this Agreement and (y) not be relieved of any of its obligations under this Agreement as a result of any such sublicense, and will be primarily responsible for any acts or omissions of such sublicensees.

The Village Media Company shall be permitted to retain copies of PFHOF's Confidential Information as necessary to allow the Village Media Company to exercise its post-termination rights with respect to such information.

For the avoidance of doubt, after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the Village Media Company and its permitted licensees shall continue to have the right to fully exploit, use, and Exploit the HOFV Works for the length of the term of the license granted by PFHOF in connection with such HOFV Work pursuant to Section 2.3; provided that the length of the term of such license shall be a minimum of five (5) years.

The Village Media Company shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates and their respective permitted sublicensees not to, whether during the Term or thereafter, challenge (a) the rights of PFHOF in and to any PFHOF Work, (b) the validity of any PFHOF Work, (c) PFHOF's right to grant rights or licenses relating to the PFHOF Works or (d) the validity, legality, or enforceability of this Agreement.

FORM OF SUB-RESELLER AGREEMENT

the Reseller named above

salesforce.com, inc.

Salesforce.org

"SFDC" or "Salesforce"

This Sub-Reseller Agreement is effective as of the later of the dates beneath the Parties' signatures below ("Sub-Reseller Effective Date"), provided, however, that the dates of the Parties' signatures are not separated by a period of time greater than ten (10) business days.

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Aitan Zacharin

Slinger Bag Inc.

the "Consultant"

the "Company"

30th day of April

30th day of April

Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").

This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its principles regarding conflicts of law.

This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to its conflicts of laws principles or the conflicts of laws principles of any other jurisdiction, and each of the parties hereto expressly attorns to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York.

The Consultant may voluntarily terminate the Consultant's engagement with the Company at any time by giving the Company 120 days prior written Notice of the termination.

The Company may terminate Consultant's engagement at any time by giving Consultant 60 days prior written Notice of the termination.

Upon any capital reorganization of the Company's capital stock (other than a subdivision, combination, reclassification or exchange of shares provided for elsewhere in this Section 2) or a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation, then as a part of such reorganization, merger or consolidation, provision shall be made so that the Holder shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon the exercise of this Warrant, the number and kind of securities and property of the Company, or of the successor corporation resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation, to which that Holder would have received for the Shares if this Warrant had been exercised immediately before such reorganization, merger or consolidation.

Except as herein expressly provided, the respective rights and obligations of the Consultant and the Company under this Agreement will not be assignable by either party without the written consent of the other party and will, subject to the foregoing, inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Consultant and the Company and their permitted successors or assigns.

Subject to the following sentence, the Consultant will be entitled to receive up to a one-time bonus of 1,500,000 shares of common stock of the Company promptly after the value of the Company's outstanding stock equals $100 million dollars.

Joint Venture Agreement

"PARTY" shall mean each of T&L and Igene

"Igene"; collectively with T&L, the "Parties"

T&L

Tate & Lyle PLC

Tate & Lyle Fermentation Products Ltd.

Igene Biotechnology, Inc.

March 18, 2003

"EFFECTIVE DATE" means 12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on March 3, 2003.

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to the conflicts of laws principles thereunder.

The grant of licenses to any third parties shall be the prerogative of the Board provided that no such license shall be granted at terms more favorable to the third party than were offered to the member(s) of such Party.

After the Effective Date and as long as Igene and T&L continue to own an interest in the Operating Company, neither of the Parties shall, or shall cause or permit any of their Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, as stockholders, consultants, members, partners or in any other capacity, engage in any enterprise or business anywhere in the world, which (a) manufactures Astaxanthin or (b) develops, markets, or sells products falling within the Field of Agreement.

In the event that either (x) one Party shall transfer its entire interest in the Operating Company as permitted pursuant to this Agreement and the Operating Company shall remain a going concern after the closing of such transfer or (y) both Parties sell their interest in the Operating Company as permitted pursuant to this Agreement and the Operating Company shall remain a going concern after the closing of such transfer, then any Party which





ceases to own an interest in the Operating Company as a result of such transfer shall remain subject to the terms of this Article 7.2 for a period of ten (10) years after the date of such transfer.

If the Board elects to pursue such Neutraceutical Opportunity, the Operating Company then shall have exclusive rights to exploit such Neutraceutical Opportunity, but solely with respect to use of Astaxanthin as a Neutraceutical, and, subject to Article 8.1, the Party (or its Affiliate) that has developed, discovered or acquired such opportunity, product or process will, however, be entitled to exploit such opportunity, product or process for application outside of use of Astaxanthin as a Neutraceutical.

If, after the date of this Agreement and continuing as long as either Party is a partner, member, or shareholder of the Operating Company, such Party or any of its Affiliates receives or discovers any opportunity within the Field of Agreement, including without limitation developing or completing the development of, or discovering, or acquiring proprietary rights over, a product or process that falls within the Field of Agreement, the Operating Company then shall have exclusive rights to exploit such opportunity, but only within the Field of Agreement.

The Party (or its Affiliate) that has developed, discovered or acquired such opportunity, product or process will, however, be entitled to exploit such opportunity, product or process for application outside the Field of Agreement.

If the Board elects to pursue such Neutraceutical Opportunity, the Operating Company then shall have exclusive rights to exploit such Neutraceutical Opportunity, but solely with respect to use of Astaxanthin as a Neutraceutical, and, subject to Article 8.1, the Party (or its Affiliate) that has developed, discovered or acquired such opportunity, product or process will, however, be entitled to exploit such opportunity, product or process for application outside of use of Astaxanthin as a Neutraceutical

Except as set forth in Articles 7.1, 7.2, 8.1 and 8.2, it is explicitly agreed that nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent either Party or any of their respective Affiliates from engaging, directly or indirectly, in any enterprise, which develops, manufactures, markets, or sells products that are not within the Field of Agreement, and except as set forth in Articles 7.1, 7.2, 8.1 and 8.2, either Party shall be free to engage in any business, enterprise, or undertaking, or to make any investment it chooses.

If, after the date of this Agreement and continuing as long as a Party is a partner, member, or shareholder of the Operating Company, the Joint Venture develops or completes the development of, or discovers, or acquires proprietary rights over, a process or product which at, or after, the time of its development, discovery or acquisition has, or might have, some application outside of the Field of Agreement, then the appropriate entity of the Joint Venture shall offer to license the use of the process or product (or the production thereof) for such application to each of the Parties on reasonable commercial terms (including, without limitation, the possible payment of royalties at market rates) taking into account the time and money spent by the Joint Venture and taking into account other relevant commercial factors.

The Offeree shall have thirty (30) days after receipt of the notice from the Selling Party (the "Option Period") to elect either (i) to purchase the Selling Party's interest in the Operating Company or (ii) to sell the Offeree's interest in the Operating Company to the Selling Party, in either case on the same terms and conditions as those contained in the Offer.

If, after the date of this Agreement and continuing as long as either Party is a partner, member, or shareholder of the Operating Company, such Party or any of its Affiliates receives or discovers any opportunity to use Astaxanthin as a Neutraceutical (a "Neutraceutical Opportunity"), including without limitation developing or completing the development of, or discovering, or acquiring proprietary rights over, a product or process that involves the use of Astaxanthin as a Neutraceutical, such Party shall (or shall cause its Affiliate to) present such opportunity to the Operating Company, providing the Operating Company with such narrative description and budgetary and other information as such Party (or its Affiliates) may have generated or gathered to the extent necessary to evaluate such Neutraceutical Opportunity.

If either Party has received a Third Party Offer that it intends to accept (the "Offer"), such Party (the "Selling Party") shall notify the other Party (the "Offeree") of the Offer, which notice shall include a copy of the Offer and any other information necessary to enable the Offeree to evaluate reasonably the Offer and the potential purchaser.

Except as permitted pursuant to Article 13.1 hereof, neither Party shall assign or transfer this Agreement, or any and all related rights and obligations in the Joint Venture or all rights and all obligations in any related agreements, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, any Party may assign any or all of its interests in this Agreement or the Operating Company to a wholly-owned subsidiary (which shall at all times remain a wholly-owned subsidiary, and such subsidiary may be a partnership, limited liability company, or corporation) or commonly-owned affiliate of Igene or T&L, as the case may be, provided that the ultimate parent company (e.g. Igene or T&L, as the case may be) shall guarantee such subsidiary's or affiliate's performance hereunder.

Subject to the provisions of Article 6.1, the Operating Company shall annually declare and pay by March 15 a distribution to each Party equal to the larger of the two estimated annual tax liabilities as reflected on the approved Party Tax Estimates (the "Minimum Distribution").

Upon the entering into of the agreements referred to in Articles 3.5 and 3.6, the Operating Company shall capitalize the Manufacturing Company through the contribution of equity received by it from T&L pursuant to Article 3.1 in an amount equal to at least $21,614,000.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Igene shall transfer and assign, or cause to be transferred and assigned,





to the Operating Company the Transferred Assets described in Appendix 3.2.

From time to time, each Party shall have the right to have its own internal or external auditors review the books and records of the Joint Venture.

Except as expressly stated herein with respect to members of each Party, no person or entity not a Party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any employee of either Party or the Joint Venture) shall be a third-party beneficiary of any provision of this Agreement, and nothing contained herein shall be construed or deemed to confer any benefit or right upon any third party.

Transportation Agreement

Transporter

Shipper

ENERGY XXI USA, INC.

Shipper and Transporter may be referred to herein individually as a "Party" or collectively as the "Parties".

ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.

March 11, 2015

March 11, 2015

Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.

Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.

Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.

The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, not including any of its conflicts of law rules that would direct or refer to the laws of another jurisdiction.

Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.

No assignment or transfer of this Agreement shall be effective as to Transporter unless and until Transporter has been provided written notice thereof.

Shipper shall have the right to assign, or transfer all, but not less than all, of its rights and obligations under this Agreement with the prior written consent of Transporter, which consent may be withheld in Transporter's sole discretion.

In the event Shipper's inventory balance drops below its pro rata part of the volume of Crude Petroleum necessary for pipeline fill, unavailable stocks below tank connections, and reasonable additional minimum quantities required for the efficient operation of the system, then Transporter will require Shipper to provide the necessary volume to meet its pro rata part of such volume of Crude Petroleum.

Pumping equipment shall be controlled and operated so that the hourly rate at which Crude Petroleum is injected during each month shall not exceed 120% of the average hourly volume nominated and accepted for shipment during the current calendar month.

If during any monthly accounting period, the weighted average of the BS&W on all meter tickets covering Crude Petroleum delivered to Transporter by Shipper reflects a water, sediment and other impurities content which exceeds 1%, Shipper shall pay to Transporter a handling charge as specified in the table in Exhibit A on such excess water, sediment, and other impurities to cover the treating, separation and other aspects of handling such excess water, sediment and other impurities delivered to Transporter.

Shipper's injection pressure shall be maintained within this stated maximum limit and shall conform, as near as possible, to the hydraulic gradient.

The present maximum operating pressure at all reception points is 1440 psig.

Transporter reserves the right to reject any and all shipments of: (i) Crude Petroleum delivered by Shipper to Transporter whose gravity, viscosity, and/or other characteristics are such that it is not readily susceptible to transportation through the Transporter's existing facilities and it will damage the quality of other shipments or cause disadvantage to other shippers and/or the Transporter; (ii) Crude Petroleum containing water, sediment and other impurities totaling in excess of one per cent as determined by centrifugal test, or by such other tests as may be agreed upon by the Shipper and Transporter; or (iii) Crude Petroleum where Shipper has failed to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations made by any governmental authorities regarding shipment of Crude Petroleum.

EXCEPT WITH REGARD TO OBLIGATIONS TO INDEMNIFY A PARTY FOR CLAIMS MADE BY THIRD PARTIES, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY (OR ITS AFFILIATES) PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES OR ANY PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, TREBLE, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PERFORMANCE OF, OR FAILURE TO PERFORM, ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, EVEN IF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARE CAUSED BY THE SOLE, JOINT, OR CONCURRENT NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER FAULT OF THE PARTY WHOSE LIABILITY IS BEING WAIVED HEREBY.

EXCEPT WITH REGARD TO OBLIGATIONS TO INDEMNIFY A PARTY FOR CLAIMS MADE BY THIRD PARTIES, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY (OR ITS AFFILIATES) PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES OR ANY PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, TREBLE, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PERFORMANCE OF, OR FAILURE TO PERFORM, ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, EVEN IF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARE CAUSED BY THE SOLE, JOINT, OR CONCURRENT NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER FAULT OF THE PARTY WHOSE LIABILITY IS BEING WAIVED HEREBY.

EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

Aucta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Aucta

ETON

Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

June 12, 2019

The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").

The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").

This Agreement shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Delaware, in the country of the United State of America, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

During the Term of this Agreement, and for a period of two (2) years thereafter, Aucta shall not research, develop, manufacture, file, sell, market, or distribute more than two products containing the active ingredient Lamotrigine; nor will Aucta directly or indirectly assist any other Person or entity in carrying or any such activities. [ * * * ]

Aucta, for itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to ETON in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, an exclusive (even as to and against Aucta in the Territory) right and license, including the right to sublicense, to the Products (or any components thereof), Dossiers, and all current and future Aucta Background Intellectual Property that is owned or controlled by Aucta or its Affiliates for ETON to develop, manufacture, import, use, promote, distribute, market, advertise, offer for sale or sell (collectively, "Market") the Products in and for the Territory.

ETON has the right to terminate this Agreement after approval of the Dossier or marketing application for the Product (or added new product), at its sole discretion, upon providing one hundred eighty (180) days' written notice to Aucta.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Party may assign the rights and obligations under this Agreement in whole, without consent of the other Party, to a Third Party or Affiliate in connection with the transfer or sale of all or substantially all of its business or in the event of a merger, consolidation or change in control provided that the assignee assumes in writing and becomes directly obligated to the other Party to perform all of the obligations of assignor under this Agreement.

The Parties shall not assign, encumber or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any part of it to any Third Party, without the prior written consent of the other Party.

ETON shall pay to Aucta a royalty payment of [ * * * ] of Net Sales of the Products.

Aucta should continue to receive 15% of Net Sales Royalty for as long as ETON is selling the Product(s) in the Territory, unless otherwise agreed to under this Agreement.

If the amount of royalty payment under Section 6.3.1 is less than the amount of royalty payment under Section 6.3.2, then ETON shall pay Aucta the difference between royalty payments in Sections 6.3.1 and 6.3.2 within sixty (60) days of the calendar year end, but in no event shall the difference paid be greater than the minimum amount in Section 6.3.2.

During the Term of this Agreement, and for a period of two (2) years thereafter, Aucta shall not research, develop, manufacture, file, sell, market, or distribute more than two products containing the active ingredient Lamotrigine; nor will Aucta directly or indirectly assist any other Person or entity in carrying or any such activities.

Aucta, for itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to ETON in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, an exclusive (even as to and against Aucta in the Territory) right and license, including the right to sublicense, to the Products (or any components thereof), Dossiers, and all current and future Aucta Background Intellectual Property that is owned or controlled by Aucta or its Affiliates for ETON to develop, manufacture, import, use, promote, distribute, market, advertise, offer for sale or sell (collectively, "Market") the Products in and for the Territory.

ETON, for itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to Aucta in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a right and license, to its trademark, including to its name and logo, that is owned or controlled by ETON or its Affiliates for Aucta (or its authorized Third Party) to make the packs, labels, and leaflets for the Products for sale in the Territory.

If this Agreement is terminated by Aucta under Section 11.2 or 11.3, then (a) ETON shall have the right to, and Aucta shall hereby grant ETON a license to, Market or otherwise dispose of any existing inventory of any Products then in ETON's possession subject to paying all Royalties and other amounts due hereunder for such sales, (b) Aucta may keep all the payments under Section 6 paid by ETON up to the point of termination and for ETON's disposal of remaining inventory and Aucta is free to commercialize or relicense the Product with no further obligations owed to ETON, (c) ETON shall refrain from holding itself out as Aucta's distributor, in particular, eliminate any reference to the Product and Aucta from its business, trade style and promotional material, and (d) ETON shall transfer all rights, licenses within thirty (30) days of termination.

After termination is effective and Aucta assumes control of the Product, ETON will provide, to the extent practicable, transition services to Aucta to include assistance with Product distribution, processing of rebates, drug safety, etc. at Aucta's cost for such services, for a reasonable period of time as mutually determined by the Parties but not to exceed one hundred eighty (180) days following termination so that Aucta can get its own such services in place.

In addition, within twenty-five (25) months after the termination or expiration of the Term and on a Product-by-Product basis, ETON shall perform a final "true-up" reconciliation and shall provide Aucta with a written report of such outlining the deductions specified in the definition of Net Sales.

Each Party shall permit an independent certified public accounting firm selected by the auditing Party and reasonably acceptable to the non-auditing Party, that has agreed to be bound by a confidentiality agreement reasonably acceptable to the Parties, to have access, during normal business hours and upon reasonable prior notice (not more often than once in any calendar year), to those books and records maintained by the non-auditing Party necessary for the auditing Party to verify the accuracy of the non-auditing Party's calculations under this Section 6 and/or cost of Product(s) for any period ending not more than two (2) years prior to the date of such request, subject to any limitations in scope necessary to comply with Applicable Law, Third Party confidentiality restrictions, or maintain legal privilege, including but not limited to Third Party pricing information.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR NOT, THAT ARE IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.

The Parties shall provide written proof of such insurance to each other upon request.

At all times from the first commercial sale of any Product(s) or after the Effective Date through the date which is five (5) years after the final sale of such Product(s), the Parties will maintain general liability insurance in amounts that are reasonable and customary in the pharmaceutical industry, provided in no event shall the general liability insurance amounts be less than five million dollars ($5,000,000) per occurrence and ten million dollars ($10,000,000) in the aggregate limit of liability per year.

NONEXCLUSIVE VALUE ADDED DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

ScanSource, Inc.

Distributor

Cisco Systems, Inc.

Cisco

January 22, 2007

the date last written below ("the Effective Date")

January 22, 2007

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.

Without prejudice to either party's right to terminate this Agreement as set forth in sub sections 18.2 to 18.5 below, Cisco may, by written notice to Distributor, given at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then-current term of the Agreement, extend the term of the Agreement for the period set forth in such notice, up to a maximum of one (1) year beyond the then- current expiration date.

The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement shall be controlled by and construed under the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, as if performed wholly within the state and without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law, and the state and federal courts of California shall have jurisdiction over any claim arising under this Agreement.

Distributor will not purchase Products for resale to any Reseller from any person or entity other than Cisco, provided that Distributor may accept returned Product from Resellers if Distributor initially sold the Product to be returned to such Reseller. [*****]

Either party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by giving the other party [*****] days prior written notice.

Distributor may not assign or delegate its rights or obligations under this Agreement (other than (i) the right to receive any amount due, which shall be freely assignable, or (ii) to Distributor's parent or majority-owned subsidiary company of sufficient net worth to meet any potential liability under this Agreement) without the prior written consent of Cisco, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, provided that any such assignment shall not relieve Distributor of any obligation to pay monies that were owed Cisco prior to the date of the assignment.

If combined shipments do not meet the minimum requirement to ship LTL or TL (i.e. number pieces, min weight) then no grouping will be done.

Cisco grants to Distributor the right to use the name, logo, trademarks, and other marks of Cisco (collectively, the "Marks") for all proper purposes in the sale of Cisco Products and Services to End Users and the performance of Distributor's duties hereunder only so long as this Agreement is in effect.

By this Agreement, Cisco makes, and Distributor accepts, the appointment of Distributor as an authorized, non-exclusive distributor of Products and Services to Resellers located in the Territory.

Cisco's policy is that Software, whether Standalone or Embedded, is not transferable, except where a listed exception below applies, and except, of course, where Cisco's contract expressly allows it.

An entity may transfer its right to use a certain piece of Software to its Affiliate.

Cisco agrees to repurchase all Product in Distributor's inventory within [*****] days following the effective date of termination or expiration.

Within [*****] days following the effective date of termination or expiration, Distributor shall return to Cisco all Product held in inventory as of the effective date of termination.

In the event of termination by Cisco for convenience, termination by Distributor for Cisco's material breach, or expiration of this Agreement where Cisco has provided Distributor with written notice from an authorized representative of its intention not to renew the Agreement, Cisco agrees to repurchase all Product in Distributor's inventory within [*****] days following the effective date of termination or expiration.

Except for a termination of this Agreement resulting from Distributor's breach of Section 9.0 (Proprietary Rights and Software Licensing) or Section 19.0(Confidential Information), upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Distributor may continue to use, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Products shipped to it by Cisco prior to the date of termination or expiration.

Distributor shall make these records available for audit by Cisco upon [*****] prior written notice, during regular business hours, at Distributor's principal place of business or such other of Distributor's locations where Distributor may maintain relevant records. [*****].

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, AND EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF DISTRIBUTOR'S BREACH OF SECTION 9 (PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND SOFTWARE LICENSING) OR EXHIBIT C (SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT), OR AMOUNTS DUE FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PURCHASED WITH RESPECT TO THE PAYMENT OF WHICH NO BONA FIDE DISPUTE EXISTS, ALL LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY, INCLUDING EACH PARTY'S AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND SUPPLIERS COLLECTIVELY, FOR CLAIMS ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE HOWSOEVER ARISING SHALL BE LIMITED SEPARATELY FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PURCHASES TO THE GREATER OF I) [*****] OR (ll)THE MONEY PAID TO CISCO FOR PRODUCTS OR FOR SERVICES, SEPARATELY AND AS APPLICABLE, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE [*****] PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT OR CIRCUMSTANCES FIRST GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.

INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LOST REVENUE, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST OR DAMAGED DATA, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH DISTRIBUTOR'S BREACH OF SECTION 9 (PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND SOFTWARE LICENSING) OR EXHIBIT C (SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY, ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,

DISTRIBUTOR'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES IN THE EVENT OF ANY SUCH INFRINGEMENT, MISAPPROPRIATION OR ANY CLAIM THEREOF SHALL BE AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 15 OF THIS AGREEMENT ("PATENT AND COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT").

This Section states the entire obligation of Cisco and its suppliers, and the exclusive remedy of Distributor, in respect of any infringement or alleged infringement of any intellectual property rights or proprietary rights.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, AND EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF DISTRIBUTOR'S BREACH OF SECTION 9 (PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND SOFTWARE LICENSING) OR EXHIBIT C (SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT), OR AMOUNTS DUE FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PURCHASED WITH RESPECT TO THE PAYMENT OF WHICH NO BONA FIDE DISPUTE EXISTS, ALL LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY, INCLUDING EACH PARTY'S AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND SUPPLIERS COLLECTIVELY, FOR CLAIMS ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE HOWSOEVER ARISING SHALL BE LIMITED SEPARATELY FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PURCHASES TO THE GREATER OF I) [*****] OR (ll)THE MONEY PAID TO CISCO FOR PRODUCTS OR FOR SERVICES, SEPARATELY AND AS APPLICABLE, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE [*****] PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT OR CIRCUMSTANCES FIRST GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.

DISTRIBUTOR AGREES THAT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, IT SHALL HAVE NO RIGHTS TO DAMAGES OR INDEMNIFICATION OF ANY NATURE, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING COMMERCIAL SEVERANCE PAY, WHETHER BY WAY OF LOSS OF FUTURE PROFITS, EXPENDITURES FOR PROMOTION OF ANY PRODUCT, OR OTHER COMMITMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE BUSINESS AND GOOD WILL OF DISTRIBUTOR.

Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, Cisco's sole and exclusive warranty and obligation with respect to the Products sold hereunder are set forth in Cisco's Limited Warranty Statement delivered with the Product.

INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LOST REVENUE, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST OR DAMAGED DATA, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH DISTRIBUTOR'S BREACH OF SECTION 9 (PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND SOFTWARE LICENSING) OR EXHIBIT C (SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY, ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,

DISTRIBUTOR shall provide to its Resellers, [*****] all warranty service for a minimum

In addition to the written limited warranty provided by Cisco with its Products, such warranty statement shall apply to Distributor during the period between when it receives a Product and when it resells or redistributes such Product,

of the warranty period set forth in the published Product warranty provided with the original Product.

During the Cisco warranty period, DISTRIBUTOR may return failed Product to Cisco for replacement.

Such warranty shall commence upon shipment to the End User.

Warranty service will consist of Software and Hardware replacement service as follows:

3.3.1 Software Service. DISTRIBUTOR will use reasonable efforts to provide work around solutions or implement a Cisco-provided patch. DISTRIBUTOR will use reasonable effort to make latest release of all Cisco Software available to its resellers.

3.3.2 Hardware Advance Replacement. DISTRIBUTOR will ship replacement parts and/or Product to its Resellers in accordance with Cisco's then- current published Product warranty applicable to the particular Product.

3.4 Returns Coordination. DISTRIBUTOR will comply with the following: 3.4.1 DISTRIBUTOR shall coordinate the return of all failed parts and/or Product, freight and insurance prepaid, to the Cisco repair center specified by Cisco.

3.4.2 DISTRIBUTOR shall comply with the following RMA procedure: 3.4.2.1 DISTRIBUTOR will ensure all Products are properly packaged prior to being shipped, and will include a written description of the failure and specification of any changes or alterations made to the Product. Product returned to Cisco will conform in quantity and serial number to the RMA request.

3.4.2.2 DISTRIBUTOR shall tag each Product returned with the RMA transaction number and a brief description of the problem.

3.4.2.3 Cisco will not accept any Product returned which is not accompanied by an RMA number.

3.4.3 Title and risk of loss to failed Product and parts transfers to Cisco upon delivery to the Cisco repair center specified by Cisco.

3.5 Reseller Support. DISTRIBUTOR will ensure Reseller has all appropriate support as follows: 3.5.1 DISTRIBUTOR shall provide competent technical support staff to support the Product so as to ensure that the Reseller is able to provide the necessary support to the End User Reseller.

3.5.2 Reseller Frontline Support. DISTRIBUTOR will use best efforts to ensure that its Resellers provide high quality front-line support.

3.5.3 [*****] Cisco is not responsible for any claims arising from failure by Distributor's Resellers to provide this support.

3.5.4 Resale of Cisco Brand Services. Where available, DISTRIBUTOR will offer for purchase by its Resellers, all appropriate Cisco brand support products through its normal products availability process.

Each party shall be responsible for maintaining Worker's Compensation insurance in the statutory amounts required by the applicable state laws.

Each party shall maintain Commercial General Liability insurance with bodily injury and property damage limits of $[*****] per occurrence and $[*****] aggregate.

Software License, Customization and Maintenance Agreement

Bank of America, N.A.

Cardlytics, Inc.

Bank of America

Supplier

11/4/10

11/4/10

This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."

This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws, and not by the laws regarding conflicts of laws, of the State of North Carolina.

hereunder; and (b) Bank of America may terminate Maintenance Services under any Product License Schedule or Order for convenience at any time, and Bank of America shall then have no obligation to pay any additional Maintenance Fees, other than for Maintenance Services performed through the date of termination.

Bank of America may terminate this Agreement, an Order and/or any Customization Schedule(s) for its convenience, without cause, at any time without further charge or expense upon at least forty-five (45) calendar days prior written notice to Supplier.

In addition to the rights of Bank of America set forth in this Section, (a) If Bank of America terminates any Product License Schedule for material default by Supplier prior to the Acceptance Date of the Software, Bank of America shall be entitled to a full refund, within thirty (30) calendar days after notice of termination, of all license fees, Maintenance Fees and other fees paid

Furthermore, Supplier shall notify Bank of America immediately In the event there is a change of control or material adverse change in Supplier's business or financial condition.

A Termination Event shall have occurred if:

(c) Supplier either: (i) merges with another entity, (ii) suffers a transfer involving fifty (50%) percent or more of any class of its voting securities or (iii) transfers all, or substantially all, of its assets;

Neither Party may assign this Agreement or any of the rights hereunder or delegate any of its obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other Party, and any such attempted assignment shall be void, except that Bank of America or any permitted Bank of America assignee may assign any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, any individual Order) to any Bank of America Affiliate, the surviving corporation with or into which Bank of America or such assignee may merge or consolidate or an entity to which Bank of America or such assignee transfers all, or substantially all, of its business and assets.

The supplier will provide no more than two major code releases of OPS during a calendar year without Bank of America's consent.

Bank of America shall own all right, title, and interest in and to the Bank of America Customizations as Work Product in accordance with Section 39.0.

Bank of America will own exclusively all Work Product and Supplier hereby assigns to Bank of America all right, title and interest (including all Intellectual Property Rights) in the Work Product. Work Product, to the extent permitted by law, shall be deemed "works made for hire" (as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act).

Work in Progress - all plans, systems designs, Documentation, working materials, specifications, flow charts source code, documented test results and other Work Product prepared by Supplier pursuant to this Agreement or during development of the Customizations.

All right, title and interest in such Work in Progress relating to Bank of America Customizations (including copyright) shall be deemed assigned to and vested in Bank of America.

Work Product all information, data. materials, discoveries, inventions, drawings, works of authorship, documents, documentation, models, software, computer programs, software (including source code and object code), firmware, designs, specifications, processes, procedures, techniques, algorithms, diagrams, methods, and all tangible embodiments of each of the foregoing (in whatever form and media) conceived, created, reduced to practice or prepared by or for Supplier at the request of Bank of America within the scope of services provided under this Agreement, whether or not prepared on Bank of America's premises and all Intellectual Property Rights therein.

display such Software (both in Object Code and Source Code for ); any (c) other Intellectual Property Rights or Supplier in the Software as are necessary or useful for Bank of America, its Affiliates and permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute, enhance, improve and alter and copy the Software (both in Object Code and Source Code form) for the purpose of conducting Bank of America business in accordance with the terms and restrictions of this Section.

Supplier hereby grants Bank of America a nonexclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual license to install, use, execute and copy the Software described in each Product License Schedule as necessary to conduct Bank of America business in accordance with the terms and restrictions of this Section and any special terms and restrictions stated on the applicable Product License Schedule.

Supplier hereby grants to Bank of America a nonexclusive, fully paid, irrevocable, royalty-free, world-wide license to use, modify, copy, produce derivative works from, display, disclose to persons who have entered into a written agreement containing substantially the same confidentiality provisions as in this Agreement for the purpose of maintaining the Software for Bank of America, and otherwise to utilize the Software and the Source Code and other materials necessary to maintain and improve the Software for use by Bank of America, subject always to the limitations In this Agreement on reproduction and use of the Software.

In addition, Bank of America may, at no additional charge other than the Software license fees specified in each Product License Schedule, (i) install, use, execute and copy the Software for any backup, archival and emergency purposes and any internal, non-production Bank of America purpose including for test, development, and training; (ii) allow a third party outsourcer or service provider to install, use, execute and copy the Software solely in connection with its provision of services to Bank of America, provided that such use does not extend to providing services to others; and (iii) transfer the Software to any other Platform or Installation Site replacing that on which it was previously installed.

Supplier hereby grants Bank of America a nonexclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual license to: (a) any patents related to or necessary or desirable to use the Software to the extent such patents are now held, licensed to or hereafter acquired by Supplier, for the purpose of allowing Bank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute (as necessary or useful for Bank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to enjoy their rights as set forth in the Agreement), make, have made, enhance, improve and alter the Software (both in Object Code and Source Code form) as necessary to conduct Bank of America business in accordance with the terms and restrictions or this Section; (b) any Copyrights now held, licensed to or hereafter acquired by Supplier in the Software for the purpose of allowing Bank of America and its Affiliates an permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute (as necessary or useful for Bank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to enjoy their fights as set forth In the Agreement, produce derivative works from and

The licenses set forth above shall include the right to install, use, execute and copy the Source Code for test and development purposes.

Without limiting the foregoing, but subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.5 hereof, Bank of America may: (x) sublicense its rights granted herein to its third party contractors for the purpose of their performing services for Bank of America and its Affiliates (which services may include, without limitation, altering, modifying, enhancing and improving the Software and creating derivatives to the Software), provided that such third party contractors have entered into a written agreement containing commercially standard confidentiality provisions requiring them to maintain the Source Code to the Licensed Programs securely and in confidence (subject to commercially standard exceptions), prior to having access to the Source Code for the Software: (y) sublicense its rights in the Software excluding any rights in the Source Code, to its end user customers as necessary for Bank of America to provide services to such end user customers; and (z) host the Software on its systems (or allow a third party to host the Software on its behalf) and make the Software available for use by its end user customers through the internet or other similar means.

Unless otherwise agreed in an Order, Supplier grants Bank of America a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, nonexclusive royalty free license to any Pre-existing IP embedded in the Work Product, which shall permit Bank of America and any transferee or sublicensee of Bank of America, subject to the restrictions in this Agreement, to make, use, import, reproduce, display, distribute, make derivative works and modify such Pre-existing IP as necessary or desirable for the use of the Work Product.

Supplier hereby grants to Bank of America a nonexclusive, fully paid, irrevocable, royalty-free, world-wide license to use, modify, copy, produce derivative works from, display, disclose to persons who have entered into a written agreement containing substantially the same confidentiality provisions as in this Agreement for the purpose of maintaining the Software for Bank of America, and otherwise to utilize the Software and the Source Code and other materials necessary to maintain and improve the Software for use by Bank of America, subject always to the limitations In this Agreement on reproduction and use of the Software.

Without limiting the foregoing, but subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.5 hereof, Bank of America may: (x) sublicense its rights granted herein to its third party contractors for the purpose of their performing services for Bank of America and its Affiliates (which services may include, without limitation, altering, modifying, enhancing and improving the Software and creating derivatives to the Software), provided that such third party contractors have entered into a written agreement containing commercially standard confidentiality provisions requiring them to maintain the Source Code to the Licensed Programs securely and in confidence (subject to commercially standard exceptions), prior to having access to the Source Code for the Software: (y) sublicense its rights in the Software excluding any rights in the Source Code, to its end user customers as necessary for Bank of America to provide services to such end user customers; and (z) host the Software on its systems (or allow a third party to host the Software on its behalf) and make the Software available for use by its end user customers through the internet or other similar means.

Supplier hereby grants Bank of America a nonexclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual license to: (a) any patents related to or necessary or desirable to use the Software to the extent such patents are now held, licensed to or hereafter acquired by Supplier, for the purpose of allowing Bank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute (as necessary or useful for Bank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to enjoy their rights as set forth in the Agreement), make, have made, enhance, improve and alter the Software (both in Object Code and Source Code form) as necessary to conduct Bank of America business in accordance with the terms and restrictions or this Section; (b) any Copyrights now held, licensed to or hereafter acquired by Supplier in the Software for the purpose of allowing Bank of America and its Affiliates an permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute (as necessary or useful for Bank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to enjoy their fights as set forth In the Agreement, produce derivative works from and

display such Software (both in Object Code and Source Code for ); any (c) other Intellectual Property Rights or Supplier in the Software as are necessary or useful for Bank of America, its Affiliates and permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute, enhance, improve and alter and copy the Software (both in Object Code and Source Code form) for the purpose of conducting Bank of America business in accordance with the terms and restrictions of this Section.

Without limiting the foregoing, but subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.5 hereof, Bank of America may: (x) sublicense its rights granted herein to its third party contractors for the purpose of their performing services for Bank of America and its Affiliates (which services may include, without limitation, altering, modifying, enhancing and improving the Software and creating derivatives to the Software), provided that such third party contractors have entered into a written agreement containing commercially standard confidentiality provisions requiring them to maintain the Source Code to the Licensed Programs securely and in confidence (subject to commercially standard exceptions), prior to having access to the Source Code for the Software: (y) sublicense its rights in the Software excluding any rights in the Source Code, to its end user customers as necessary for Bank of America to provide services to such end user customers; and (z) host the Software on its systems (or allow a third party to host the Software on its behalf) and make the Software available for use by its end user customers through the internet or other similar means.

display such Software (both in Object Code and Source Code for ); any (c) other Intellectual Property Rights or Supplier in the Software as are necessary or useful for Bank of America, its Affiliates and permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute, enhance, improve and alter and copy the Software (both in Object Code and Source Code form) for the purpose of conducting Bank of America business in accordance with the terms and restrictions of this Section.

Supplier hereby grants Bank of America a nonexclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual license to install, use, execute and copy the Software described in each Product License Schedule as necessary to conduct Bank of America business in accordance with the terms and restrictions of this Section and any special terms and restrictions stated on the applicable Product License Schedule.

Supplier hereby grants to Bank of America a nonexclusive, fully paid, irrevocable, royalty-free, world-wide license to use, modify, copy, produce derivative works from, display, disclose to persons who have entered into a written agreement containing substantially the same confidentiality provisions as in this Agreement for the purpose of maintaining the Software for Bank of America, and otherwise to utilize the Software and the Source Code and other materials necessary to maintain and improve the Software for use by Bank of America, subject always to the limitations In this Agreement on reproduction and use of the Software.

Supplier hereby grants Bank of America a nonexclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual license to: (a) any patents related to or necessary or desirable to use the Software to the extent such patents are now held, licensed to or hereafter acquired by Supplier, for the purpose of allowing Bank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute (as necessary or useful for Bank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to enjoy their rights as set forth in the Agreement), make, have made, enhance, improve and alter the Software (both in Object Code and Source Code form) as necessary to conduct Bank of America business in accordance with the terms and restrictions or this Section; (b) any Copyrights now held, licensed to or hereafter acquired by Supplier in the Software for the purpose of allowing Bank of America and its Affiliates an permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute (as necessary or useful for Bank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to enjoy their fights as set forth In the Agreement, produce derivative works from and

Unless otherwise agreed in an Order, Supplier grants Bank of America a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, nonexclusive royalty free license to any Pre-existing IP embedded in the Work Product, which shall permit Bank of America and any transferee or sublicensee of Bank of America, subject to the restrictions in this Agreement, to make, use, import, reproduce, display, distribute, make derivative works and modify such Pre-existing IP as necessary or desirable for the use of the Work Product.

If a Release Condition has occurred, Bank of America may immediately release the Source Code for the purposes described in Section 8.8, following the issuance of a written statement to Supplier by Bank of America's executive management, stating that a Release Condition has occurred.

Bank of America shall notify Supplier of the dates on which any such verification will be conducted, and the results thereof.

Bank of America may temporarily release the Source Code for this purpose only, but all copies of the Source Code shall be returned to the designated storage location as soon as the verification is completed.

Any or the following events shall be Release Conditions for purposes of this Section: (a) Supplier defaults on any of its maintenance obligations herein; (b) Supplier ceases to provide maintenance for the Software; (c) Supplier ceases doing business in the ordinary course, files or has filed against it a petition under bankruptcy Code, becomes insolvent or has a receiver appointed for all or a substantial part of its business; or (d) Bank of America terminates this Agreement for cause pursuant to the terms hereof.

With each delivery of Software to Bank of America hereunder, Supplier shall deliver to Bank of America the Source Code for all Software and for all Updates, Upgrades and new releases of the Software.

Bank of America shall establish a secure receptacle in which it shall place the Source Code and shall put the receptacle under supervision of one or more of its officers, whose identity shall be available to Supplier at all times.

Until a Release Condition (as defined in Section 8.6) occurs and the conditions of Section 8.7 have been satisfied, Bank of America shall not permit access to or use of the Source Code, except as expressly provided herein.

Supplier grants Bank of America the right to duplicate the Source Code only as necessary to preserve and safely store the Source Code and as expressly permitted in this Section.

Bank of America shall reproduce in all copies of the Source Code made by Bank of America any proprietary or confidentiality notices contained in the Source Code when originally delivered by Supplier.

Upon delivery of the Source Code to Bank of America by Supplier, including in connection with any Upgrade, Update or new release, Bank of America shall have the right to verify the Source Code for accuracy, completeness and sufficiency, and to confirm that it compiles to the pertinent object code of the Software.

In no event shall the transition exceed one hundred eighty [180] calendar days from the date of termination unless the Parties otherwise agree in writing.

In the event of expiration or termination of this Agreement, an Order or of Maintenance Services under this Agreement, Supplier agrees that upon the request of Bank of America, Supplier will, at no additional cost to Bank of America and through the period of paid up Maintenance Services, continue uninterrupted operations, conclude and cooperate with Bank of America in the transition of the business at Bank of America's direction and in a manner that causes no material disruption to Bank of America business and operations.

At all times during the Term, upon request from Bank of America and upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Supplier shall provide immediately to Bank of America the then-current version of any Work Product in Supplier's possession.

Bank of America may review and Inspect any record of system activity or Confidential Information handling upon reasonable prior notice.

If audit results find Supplier Is not in substantial compliance with the

Such Supplier Records referenced above may be inspected, audited and copied by Bank of America, its Representatives or by federal or state agencies having jurisdiction over Bank of America, during normal business hours and at such reasonable times as Bank of America and Supplier may determine.

Upon request from Bank of America, Supplier shall provide to Bank of America (or a Representative designated by Bank of America) access to such Records for the purpose of auditing such Records during normal business hours.

Supplier's agreement with any independent contractor to provide services to Bank of America in support of this Agreement shall likewise permit Bank of America to conduct the same inspections.

Supplier shall permit Bank of America to inspect the physical system equipment, operational environment, and Confidential Information handling procedures.

Upon prior written notice and at a mutually acceptable time, Bank of America personnel or its Representatives (e.g., external audit consultants) may audit, test or inspect Supplier's Information Security Program and its facilities to assure Bank of America's data and Confidential Information are adequately protected.

Bank of America reserves the right to expand the scope of the controls to be covered in any SAS70-Type II audit report prepared during the Term.

Such audits shall be conducted on a mutually agreed upon date (which shall be no more than ten (10) Business Days after Bank of America's written notice of time, location and duration), subject to reasonable postponement by Supplier upon Supplier's reasonable request, provided, however, that no such postponement shall exceed twenty (20) Business Days.

Supplier shall provide Bank of America with the scope of the audit and a complete copy of each report prepared in connection with each such audit within thirty (30) calendar days after it receives such report.

Supplier shall provide at its expense on an annual basis, a copy of the latest SAS70 (Statement on Auditing Standards No. 70, Service Organizations) Type II independent audit firm report for facilities not managed by Bank of America that are used to provide Products under this Agreement.

In addition to the requirements under this Section 33.0 and upon Bank of America's request, Supplier shall deliver to Bank of America, within thirty (30) calendar days after its receipt by its board of directors or senior management. a copy of any preliminary or final report of audit of Supplier by any third-party auditors retained by Supplier, including any management letter such auditors submit, and on any other audit or inspection upon which Bank of America and Supplier may mutually agree.

During regular business hours but no more frequently than once a year, Bank of America may, at Its sole expense, perform a confidential audit of Supplier's operations as they pertain to the Products or services provided under this Agreement.

requirements of this Agreement, then Bank of America shall be entitled, at Supplier's expense, to perform up to two (2) additional such audits in that year in accordance with the procedure set forth in this Section.

Supplier shall provide a copy of the latest operational audit for facilities not managed by Bank of America that are used to provide services under this Agreement.

Supplier acknowledges and agrees that regulatory agencies may audit Supplier's performance at any time during normal business hours and that such audits may include both methods and results under this Agreement.

Bank of America will determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections, which may extend to Supplier's Subcontractors and other Supplier resources (other systems, environmental support, recovery processes, etc.) used to support the systems and handling of Confidential Information.

Supplier will provide reasonable access to Bank of America's federal and state governmental regulators (at a minimum, to the extent required by law), at Bank of America's expense, to Bank of America's Records held by Supplier and to the procedures and facilities of Supplier relating to the Products and services provided under this Agreement Pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 1867(c), the performance of such services will be subject to regulation and examination by the appropriate federal banking agency to the same extent as if the services were being performed by Bank of America itself. S

Such audits may be on a rotating site basis where operations and procedures of Supplier services provided to Bank of America are in multiple locations in order to confirm that Supplier is in compliance in all aspects of the Agreement Supplier shall provide Bank of America with a copy of each report prepared in connection with each such audit within thirty (30) calendar days after it receives such report.

Neither Party shall be liable to the other for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, lost profits, even if such Party alleged to be liable has knowledge of the possibility of such damages, provided, however, that the limitations set forth in this Section shall not apply to or in any way limit the obligations of the Section entitled "Indemnity," the Section entitled "Confidentiality and Information Protection," or Supplier's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

Neither Party shall be liable to the other for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, lost profits, even if such Party alleged to be liable has knowledge of the possibility of such damages, provided, however, that the limitations set forth in this Section shall not apply to or in any way limit the obligations of the Section entitled "Indemnity," the Section entitled "Confidentiality and Information Protection," or Supplier's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

This warranty shall not be affected by Bank of America's modification of the Software so long as Supplier can discharge its warranty obligations notwithstanding such modifications or following their removal by Bank of America.

Supplier hereby represents and warrants that the Software shall be and shall remain Operative, from the Delivery Date through the end of the Warranty Period.

Following expiration of the Warranty Period and for so long as Bank of America has contracted Supplier to provide Maintenance Services, Supplier represents and warrants that the Software shall remain Operative.

Supplier's recovery objectives shall not exceed the following during any recovery period:

 A. Time to Full Restoration from time of disruption event: 4 hours

 B. Maximum Data Loss (stated in hours) from time of disruption event: 24 hours

 C. Percentage Reduction of Service levels: 50% during the 24 hour recovery period

If the Software is not Operative at the expiration of the initial Warranty Period, the Warranty Period shall be extended until Supplier makes the Software Operative.

Excess coverage with respect to Sections 26.2.2, 26.2.3 and 26.2.4 above with a per occurrence limit of $5,000,000. The limits of liability required In subsections 26.2.2, 26.2.3 and 26.2.4 may be satisfied by a combination of those policies with an Umbrella/Excess Liability policy.

Worker's Compensation Insurance which shall fully comply with the statutory requirements of all applicable state and federal laws.

Supplier shall at its own expense secure and continuously maintain, and shall require its Subcontractors to secure and continuously maintain, throughout the Term, the following insurance with companies qualified to do business in the jurisdiction in which the services will be performed and rating A-VII or better in the current Best's Insurance Reports published by A M. Best Company and shall, upon Bank of America's request, be furnished to Bank of America certificates and required endorsements evidencing such insurance.

The certificates shall state the amount of all deductibles and self-insured retentions and shall contain evidence that the policy or policies shall not be canceled or materially altered without at least thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Bank of America.

The insurance coverages and limits required to be maintained by Supplier and its Subcontractors shall be primary and non-contributory to insurance coverage, if any, maintained by Bank of America. Supplier and Proprietary to Bank of America its Subcontractors and their underwriters shall waive subrogation against Bank of America and shall cause their insurer(s) to waive subrogation against Bank of America.

Supplier and its Subcontractors shalt pay any and all costs which are incurred by Bank of America as a result of any such deductibles or self-insured retentions to the extent that Bank of America is named as an "Additional Insured," and to the same extent as if the policies contained no deductibles or self-insured retention.

Business Automobile Liability Insurance covering all owned, hired and non-owned vehicles and equipment used by Supplier with a minimum combined single limit of liability of $1,000,000 for injury and/or death and/or property damage.

Supplier shall be responsible for loss to bank property and customer property, directly or indirectly, and shall maintain Fidelity Bond or Crime coverage for the dishonest acts of its employees in a minimum amount of $5,000,000.

Technology Errors and Omissions Insurance with minimum limits of not less than $5,000,000, covering liabilities arising from errors, omission, etc., in rendering computer or information technology services including but not limited to (1) systems analysis (2) systems programming (3) data processing (4) systems integration (5) outsourcing including outsourcing development and design (6) systems design, consulting, development and modification (7) training services relating to computer software or hardware (8) management, repair and maintenance of computer products, networks and systems (9) marketing, selling, servicing, distributing, installing and maintaining computer hardware or software (10) data entry, modification, verification, maintenance, storage, retrieval or preparation of data output.

Bank of America shall be named as an ''Additional Insured" to the coverages described in Sections 26.2.3, 26.2.4, and 26.2.5 below for the purpose of protecting Bank of America from any expense and/or liability arising out of, alleged to arise out of, related to or connected with the Products provided by Supplier and/or its Subcontractors.

Commercial General Liability Insurance with a minimum combined single limit of liability of $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 aggregate for bodily Injury, death, property damage and personal injury, and specifically covering infringement of Intellectual Property Rights. This policy shall include products/completed operations coverage and shall also include contractual liability coverage.

Supplier shall endorse such policy to include a "Client Coverage" or "Joint Payee Coverage" endorsement Bank of America shall be named as "Loss Payee, As Their Interest May Appear'' in such Fidelity Bond.

Employers' Liability Insurance which limit shall be $1,000,000 per accident for Bodily injury and $1,000,000 per employee/aggregate for disease.

Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and with the exception of the Affiliates of Bank of America, the Parties do not intend the benefits of this Agreement to inure to any third party, and nothing contained herein shall be construed as creating any right, claim or cause of action in favor of any such other third party, against either of the Parties hereto.

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

NETGEAR

Ingram Micro

Distributor

NETGEAR, Inc.

November 5, 1996

March 1, 1996

This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.

This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.

This Agreement, including its attachment and order acknowledgments under the Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between Distributor and NETGEAR with respect to the purchase, resale and distribution of the Products and is governed by the laws of the State of California except that body of law dealing with conflicts of law.

Distributor shall be the only distributor appointed by NETGEAR in the Territory, subject to Distributor conducting mutually agreed to marketing activities as described in the Marketing Plan to be developed and agreed to by and between the parties and which shall be attached to and made a part of this Agreement as Exhibit 4.

NETGEAR's agreement not to appoint additional distributors of NETGEAR Products in the Territory during the [*] of this Agreement is predicated upon Distributor performing the mutually agreed upon activities included in the Marketing Plan attached as Exhibit 4.

Distributor may not sell or license Products directly to end use customers without the express written consent of NETGEAR.

This Agreement may be canceled at any time without cause, by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.

This Agreement may be terminated at any time without cause by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.

This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without prior written permission from the other party, which permission shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any attempt by either party to assign any right, or delegate any duty or obligation which arises under the Agreement without such permission will be voidable.

Any attempt by either party to assign any right, or delegate any duty or obligation which arises under the Agreement without such permission will be voidable.

Products must be ordered in the minimum and/or standard lot size quantities specified in the Price Schedule.

Orders for less than minimum or non-standard lot size quantities of any Product may, at NETGEAR's discretion, be rejected.

The total value of the returned Products shall not exceed [*] of the Net Shipments invoiced by NETGEAR for all Products, [*], during the [*] immediately preceding each of the above dates.

Solely for this purpose, NETGEAR and Bay Networks grant Distributor a non-exclusive, royalty-free, limited right to use the Trademarks.

NETGEAR or its representative, at NETGEAR's cost may review these records during normal business hours for the sole purpose of determining Distributor's compliance with this Agreement.

From time to time, but not more than twice per year, NETGEAR may request access to information about the Distributor's business reasonably required to insure that Distributor is in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the Distributor will grant the right for a NETGEAR representative to visit the Distributor's place of business during normal business hours at a mutually agreed upon time to examine such information.

EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES ARISING FROM BREACH OF SECTIONS 6.C AND 12,13 OR 17, IN NO EVENT WELL DISTRIBUTOR's TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES IN ANY ACTION BASED ON OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT EXCEED THE [*] TO NETGEAR PURSUANT TO THE AGREEMENT.

EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES ARISING UNDER SECTIONS 14.A AND 16.A, IN NO EVENT WILL NETGEAR's OR BAY NETWORKS' TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES IN ANY ACTION BASED ON OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT EXCEED THE [*] TO NETGEAR PURSUANT TO THE AGREEMENT.

NETGEAR has no liability for any settlement or compromise made without its prior written consent. Under no circumstances

IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR THEIR RESPECTIVE PARENT CORPORATIONS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR (1) THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE PROCUREMENT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR (2) ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM INACCURATE OR LOST DATA OR LOSS OF USE OR PROFITS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, THE FURNISHING OF SERVICES, OR THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF PRODUCTS, EVEN IF INFORMED OF SUCH DAMAGES.

THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS ARE EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AND ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT ANY LIMITATION WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Except as expressly agreed in writing between the parties, no party is liable to the other for any dollar amounts, costs or damages by reason of the expiration or earlier termination of the Agreement.

EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES ARISING UNDER SECTIONS 14.A AND 16.A, IN NO EVENT WILL NETGEAR's OR BAY NETWORKS' TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES IN ANY ACTION BASED ON OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT EXCEED THE [*] TO NETGEAR PURSUANT TO THE AGREEMENT.

EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES ARISING FROM BREACH OF SECTIONS 6.C AND 12,13 OR 17, IN NO EVENT WELL DISTRIBUTOR's TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES IN ANY ACTION BASED ON OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT EXCEED THE [*] TO NETGEAR PURSUANT TO THE AGREEMENT.

If any item of Software fails to so perform during its warranty period, as the sole remedy NETGEAR of NETGEAR's supplier will at its discretion provide a suitable fix, patch or workaround for the problem which may be included in a future revision of the Software.

Under no circumstances

INGRAM NETGEAR Distributor AGREEMENT     9                                083096

is NETGEAR liable for any third-party claims except for those described in this section and in the section entitled CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT.

End-users' exclusive remedy is to receive replacement Product from reseller and NETGEAR's sole obligation and liability under this warranty is to issue an off-setting credit to reseller for Product returned by reseller on behalf of its end-user because of defects in workmanship or material.

NETGEAR warrants to end-user that each item of Hardware will be free from defects in workmanship and materials for its respective warranty period which begins on the date of purchase by the end user. Should a Product fail within this warranty period, Distributor shall replace such defective Product from Distributor's inventory and accept return of the failed Product from Distributor's customer.

Distributor may return previously purchased Products for replacement by an equal or greater value of different Products, under the following conditions:

         a) Distributor may return Products only within the [*] period following [*] of each year.

NETGEAR reserves the right to change a warranty period for a specific Product but only for orders placed after the effective date of such change, provided that the minimum warranty period for all Products is ninety days, except for those Products specifically identified in the Price List as provided " AS IS" with no warranties.

If any item of Software fails to so perform during its warranty period, as the sole remedy NETGEAR of NETGEAR's supplier will at its discretion provide a suitable fix, patch or workaround for the problem which may be included in a future revision of the Software.

The warranty period for each Product is specified in the Price List that is in effect on the date NETGEAR receives Distributor's order, and shall apply regardless of any extended warranty period which Distributor may choose to provide to its customers.

End-users' exclusive remedy is to receive replacement Product from reseller and NETGEAR's sole obligation and liability under this warranty is to issue an off-setting credit to reseller for Product returned by reseller on behalf of its end-user because of defects in workmanship or material.

Should a Product fail within this warranty period, Distributor shall replace such defective Product from Distributor's inventory and accept return of the failed Product from Distributor's customer.

NETGEAR warrants to the end-user that each item of Software, as delivered or updated by NETGEAR and properly installed and operated on the Hardware or other equipment it is originally licensed for, will function substantially as described in its then-current user documentation during its respective warranty period.

NETGEAR, at its expense, agrees to maintain insurance coverage to protect against its liabilities under the Agreement in an amount no less than is reasonable or required by applicable statute.

This insurance will include (a) worker's compensation insurance, (b) comprehensive general liability insurance, including coverage for product liability, bodily injury and property damage, and (c) automobile liability insurance.

Upon Distributor's written request, NETGEAR will furnish the applicable certificate of insurance.

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

Eco Science Solutions, Inc.

Stephen Marley

ESSI

Talent

14th day of November 2017

14th day of November 2017

The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").

The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").

The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").

Regardless of the place of execution hereof, this Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws and decisions of the State of Michigan.

Talent represents and warrants that during the Term and in the Territories, Talent will not endorse or make any appearances or advertisements on behalf of any other product which is directly competitive to ESSI's products.

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations contained herein may be assigned or transferred by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.

ESSI will provide Talent with one-million (1,000,000) shares of restricted common stock issued within ten business days of execution of this Agreement.

In the event any Production Session exceeds eight (8) hours in duration ESSI and Talent will negotiate in good faith additional compensation to Talent for time in excess of eight (8) hours.

During the Term and subject to the limitations set forth in Paragraphs 9 and 10, ESSI shall have the right to use the name, image, likeness, characterization, visual and audio representation of Talent ("Talent Attributes") in connection with the ESSI product suite, in the venue(s) as follows:

A. Promotional Territories ("Territories") shall include various online, outdoor, radio and television promotional spots (specific promotional spots and content specifics to be mutually agreed upon) promoting the ESSI product suite ("Commercial Placements") aired in various venues as determined to best suit the needed promotion of ESSI products;

B. On ESSI's downloaded apps (UseHerbo, Herbo Wallet, FitRx) and websites (www.useherbo.com; www.eccossi.com) ("Websites"), of which new ESSI owns and operates downloadable apps and websites may be added to this list at the will of ESSI; and

C. ESSI Natural Supplementation Products.

D. In ESSI product-related press releases (of which only ESSI may produce and publish).

Such usage may not be sold or transferred.

SITE DEVELOPMENT AND HOSTING AGREEMENT (

HDI

Company

Hanover Direct, Inc.

The Deerskin Companies, Inc.

August 9, 1999

This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.

This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.

This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for an additional one year period on each anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated by either Party hereto upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other.

This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for an additional one year period on each anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated by either Party hereto upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other.

This Agreement shall be governed and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed exclusively in that State without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.

During the term of this Agreement and for a period of two years after the expiration date of this Agreement, HDI shall not participate in any project similar to the Site on the Internet from which products substantially similar to Deerskin Products (including, without limitation, the products of Wilson's House of Leather, Excelled and and companies similar to Wilson's House of Leather and Excelled) are offered for sale to consumers on the Internet.

Except as provided in Section 6.2, during the term of this Agreement, the Company shall not participate in any project similar to the Site on the Internet with respect to Deerskin Products or products substantially similar to Deerskin Products (including, without limitation, the products of Wilson's House of Leather, Excelled and companies similar to Wilson's House of Leather and Excelled)

HDI shall have the exclusive right to use of the "Deerskin" brand for a self-contained web site for the offering of Deerskin Products directly to the consumer on the Internet.

The Company shall pay HDI thirty percent (3016) of the Net Sales in excess of Eleven Thousand Dollars ($11,000) per calendar month.

In the event that HDI fails to have the Site fully operational within seventy (70) days from the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have the right to terminate this Agreement without penalty.

The Company hereby grants to HDI a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable license to use the Company's "Deerskin" trademarks, service





marks, and logos (collectively, "Marks") solely for the purpose of carrying out its obligations under this Agreement.

HDI shall provide the Company with access to, and

the right to use, a computer system on which the Site will be stored and operated, with a direct Internet connection of shared but greater than T-1 bandwidth, plus capacity to process continuously during burst periods.

The Company hereby grants to HDI a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable license to use the Company's "Deerskin" trademarks, service





marks, and logos (collectively, "Marks") solely for the purpose of carrying out its obligations under this Agreement.

HDI's General Manager (as hereinafter defined), may upon no less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Company, have the right to inspect the records of the Company's General Manager reasonably related to the calculation of such payments during the Company's normal business hours.

In the event the Company terminates this Agreement, the Company shall pay to HDI a termination payment, (the "Termination Payment") the amount of which shall be an amount equal to the aggregate Net Sales for the twelve (12) months preceding the Termination Date less $800,000, the balance of which shall be divided by two.

In the event the Company terminates this Agreement, the Company shall pay to HDI a termination payment, (the "Termination Payment") the amount of which shall be an amount equal to the aggregate Net Sales for the twelve (12) months preceding the Termination Date less $800,000, the balance of which shall be divided by two.

CONTENT LICENSING AGREEMENT

plan_b

Data Call Technologies, Inc.

Licensor

PLAN_B MEDIA AG

03/24/06

Contract  start:  04-01-06

Contract  end:  04-01-08

Unless  otherwise  stated  in  the  Appendix  the  term of this letter           Agreement  shall  continue  for  twenty-four  (24)  months  with  the           effective  date  unless  terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the           terms hereof ("Initial Term")

The Initial Term shall automatically be           extended  for  an additional period of half a year unless either party           provides  the  other party with written notification of termination of           the  letter  Agreement  at  least 60 days prior to end of such period.

The Initial Term shall automatically be           extended  for  an additional period of half a year unless either party           provides  the  other party with written notification of termination of           the  letter  Agreement  at  least 60 days prior to end of such period.

This Agreement  shall  be  governed  and  construed in accordance with           the  laws  of  the  United  States of America.

Neither  Party  shall  assign  or  transfer  to  any  third  party,           without  the  prior written consent of the other Party, this Agreement           or  any  rights  granted  herein.

plan_b  shall  pay  LICENSOR  a  share of its revenues as set forth in           APPENDIX  2  ("REVENUES").

Additionally, Licensee shall have           the  right  to  use  the trademarks, trade names, or logos relating to           Content  (the  "TRADEMARKS").

In the  alternative,  if  LICENSOR  is  not  the  sole  and  exclusive           owner  of  all  of  the  foregoing intellectual property rights to the           Content,  LICENSOR  has  been  granted  by  the  owner  or  rightful           sub-licensee  of the intellectual property of the Content the right to           grant  the rights provided by LICENSOR to plan_b under this Agreement.

LICENSOR  grants  to  plan_b  a  license  to produce, use, distribute,           promote  and  publicly  display  the  Content  in any possible way for           distribution and marketing purposes.

LICENSOR  grants  plan_b  for  the  term  of  this Agreement the right           to  produce,  market  and  distribute  Content  to  End  Users (in the           territory  specified  in appendix 2) through its own and its partner's           platform.

After termination  of  this  contract,  there  shall  be  a  sell-off           period  (defined  in  APPENDIX 2) following the date of termination of           this  contract.

Sell-off  period:  3  months  after  termination

Such audits           shall  normally  be conducted during normal business hours at plan_b's           premises.

LICENSOR  shall  have  the  right  to  use  a  certified  public           accountant  to  inspect and audit all the related records and books of           plan_b to ensure plan_b's compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

Intellectual Property Agreement

JingWei HengTong Technology

ShenZhen JingWei Communication Co., Ltd

(ShenZhen)

February 08, 2007

This Agreement has been duly executed as of the date first set forth above and shall be effective simultaneously.

February 08, 2007

The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.

The validity, implementation and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of PRC.

During the term of this Agreement, Party A may terminate this Agreement at any time with a written notice to Party B 30 days before such termination.

This Agreement and all the rights and obligations of Party B hereunder shall not be assigned, pledged, sublicensed without the prior written consent of Party A.

Party A owns the sole and exclusive right of the intellectual property, including any improvement, upgrades and derived products, no matter whether such products are created by Party A or Party B.

Upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, Party A hereby agrees to grant and Party B hereby agree to accept the right to use the intellectual property in PRC.

The license under this Agreement is a non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license.

The Intellectual Property granted to Party B shall only be used to the scope of Party B's Business operated by Party B.

The use right granted under this Agreement is only valid in the PRC.

The license under this Agreement is a non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license.

Party B shall not sub-license the Intellectual Property to others or use the Intellectual Property in the third party's training, business share, lease without the consent from Party A, unless there are opposite stipulations in this Agreement.

SERVICES AGREEMENT

FEDERATED ADVISORY SERVICES COMPANY

FEDERATED INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY

FASC

Adviser

January 1, 2004

January 1, 2004 (

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement:

(i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account;

(ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose;

(iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser;

(iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.

Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement:

(i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account;

(ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose;

(iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser;

(iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.

Upon reasonable request, copies of any such books and records shall be provided promptly by FASC to the Account or the Account's owners or authorized representatives.

The Adviser and FASC are each hereby expressly put on notice of the limitation of liability set forth in the Declaration of Trust of the other party.

FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

FRANCHISOR

Pretzel Time

Pretzel Time, Inc.

Franchisee

doing business  as  Pretzel  Time

this day of , 19

this day of , 19

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement  and shall expire  twenty (20) years from the  effective  date of this Agreement.

Upon the expiration of the initial term of this  Agreement,  Franchisee shall  have the one time  right to obtain a  successor  franchise  to  operate a Pretzel  Time Unit at the Site (a  "Successor  Franchise")  for a single term of five (5) years  immediately  following the expiration of the initial term of the Franchise upon giving Pretzel Time six (6) months notice prior to the expiration of the then current term

Pretzel Time shall notify Franchisee  of the  nonrenewal  not  less  than  six  (6)  months  prior  to the expiration  of the term of this  Agreement.

Except to the extent governed by the U.S. Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C.  "1051 et seq.),  this Agreement,  the other agreements  referred herein,  and the offer and the sale of the  franchise  shall be  governed in all respects  and  aspects  by the  laws of the  Commonwealth  of  Pennsylvania  and expressly  excluding  the laws  pertaining  to the choice of law and conflict of laws.

Neither  Franchisee  nor any of its Owners shall divert or attempt to divert any business or any customers of any Pretzel Time Unit to any  Competitive  Business or employ or seek to employ any  person who is  employed  by Pretzel  Time,  its Affiliates  or a franchisee  of Pretzel Time nor induce or attempt to induce any such person to leave said  employment  without the prior written consent of such person's employer.

Franchisee  therefore agrees that  during the term of the  Franchise  Agreement,  or the period of time which Franchisee operates a Unit under this Agreement,  whichever is shorter,  neither Franchisee  nor  any  Affiliate,  immediate  family  member,  or  in  the  event Franchisee is a corporation

any Owner thereof and member of his immediate  family or in the event  Franchise is a partnership any partner  (general or limited) thereof and any member of his immediate family, shall:

         (1) Have  any  direct  or  indirect  interest  as an  owner,  investor,          partner, director, officer, employee, consultant, representative, agent          or in  any  other  capacity  in any  Competitive  Business  located  or          operating  at the Site or within  three (3) miles of any  Pretzel  Time          Unit  in  operation  or  under  development  on the  effective  date of          termination or expiration of this Agreement, except a Pretzel Time Unit          operated by Franchisee under Franchise Agreements with Pretzel Time; or

         (2) Recruit or hire any employee who, within the immediately  preceding          six (6) month period,  was employed by Pretzel Time or any Pretzel Time          Unit operated by Pretzel Time, its Affiliates or another  franchisee or          licensee  of  Pretzel  Time,   without   obtaining  the  prior  written          permission of Pretzel Time or such franchisee.

Franchisee (and its Owners) have executed a noncompetition covenant          in favor of Pretzel Time and the transferee agreeing that, for a period          of twelve (12) months commencing on the effective date of the Transfer,          Franchisee,  its  Owners  and  members  of the  immediate  families  of          Franchisee  and each of its Owners will not hold any direct or indirect          interest  as  a  disclosed  or  beneficial  owner,  investor,  partner,          director,  officer manager,  employee,  consultant,  representative  or          agent, or in any other capacity,  in a Competitive  Business located or          operating  within  three (3) miles of the Unit,  and  within  three (3)          miles of any other Pretzel Time Unit;

Except as  otherwise  provided  in this  Agreement  and  provided  that Franchise  is in full  compliance  with  this  Agreement,  Pretzel  Time and its Affiliates  will  not  during  the  term  of this  Agreement  operate  or  grant franchises  for the operation of Pretzel Time Units within the  Territory  other than the Franchise granted to Franchisee pursuant to this Agreement.

If Pretzel Time exercises its right of first refusal,  Franchisee  (and its Owners)  agrees that,  for a period of twelve (12) months  commencing on the date of the closing,  neither  Franchisee (nor its Owners) shall have any direct or indirect interest  (through a member of the immediate  families of Franchisee or its Owners of  otherwise)  as a  disclosed  or  beneficial  owner,  investor, partner, director, officer, employee, consultant, representative, or agent or in any other capacity in any Competitive Business located or operating within three (3) miles of the Unit,  and/or  three (3) miles of any other  Pretzel Time Unit.

The Franchise  Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond





the termination of the franchise.

Franchisee agrees that he will at all times faithfully,  honestly,  and diligently  perform his obligations  hereunder,  that he will continuously exert his best efforts and shall  continually  train and  supervise  his  personnel to Pretzel Time's  reasonable  standards,  in  furtherance  of the mutual  business interests of both Pretzel Time and Franchisee and that he will not engage in any other business or activity that may conflict with his obligations  hereunder.

Pretzel  Time  will not,  as long as this  Agreement  is in effect  and Franchisee  is not in default,  enfranchise  or operate any other  Pretzel  Time Franchise  within the following  enclosed  mall or building  except as otherwise provided herein (hereinafter  referred to as "Territory"):  none.

Upon  termination of this  Agreement,  in accordance with its terms and conditions or by Franchisee  without cause, or upon expiration of this Agreement (unless the Franchise is renewed as provided for in this Agreement),  Franchisee and its Owners agree that for a period of TWELVE (12) months  commencing  on the effective  date of  termination  or expiration  or the date on which  Franchisee complies  with this Section,  whichever is later,  neither  Franchisee,  nor its Owners,  nor any person or entity  affiliated  with  Franchisee or  Franchisee's shareholders or partners shall have any direct or indirect  interest  (through a member of the immediate  families of Franchisee or its Owners or otherwise) as a disclosed or beneficial owner, investor,  partner, director,  officer, employee, consultant,  representative,  agent or in any other capacity in any  Competitive Business  located or operating:  (1) at the Site;  (2) within three (3) miles of the Unit;  and/or (3) within  three (3) miles of any other  Pretzel Time Unit in operation  or  under  development  on  the  effective  date  of  termination  or expiration of this  agreement for a period of one year after the  termination or expiration.

Franchisee  also  acknowledges  that Pretzel Time has granted the Franchise to  Franchisee  in  consideration  of and reliance  upon  Franchisee's agreement to deal  exclusively  with Pretzel Time.  Franchisee  therefore agrees that  during the term of the  Franchise  Agreement,  or the period of time which Franchisee operates a Unit under this Agreement,  whichever is shorter,  neither Franchisee  nor  any  Affiliate,  immediate  family  member,  or  in  the  event Franchisee is a corporation

any Owner thereof and member of his immediate  family or in the event  Franchise is a partnership any partner  (general or limited) thereof and any member of his immediate family, shall:

         (1) Have  any  direct  or  indirect  interest  as an  owner,  investor,          partner, director, officer, employee, consultant, representative, agent          or in  any  other  capacity  in any  Competitive  Business  located  or          operating  at the Site or within  three (3) miles of any  Pretzel  Time          Unit  in  operation  or  under  development  on the  effective  date of          termination or expiration of this Agreement, except a Pretzel Time Unit          operated by Franchisee under Franchise Agreements with Pretzel Time; or

         (2) Recruit or hire any employee who, within the immediately  preceding          six (6) month period,  was employed by Pretzel Time or any Pretzel Time          Unit operated by Pretzel Time, its Affiliates or another  franchisee or          licensee  of  Pretzel  Time,   without   obtaining  the  prior  written          permission of Pretzel Time or such franchisee.

Except as  otherwise  provided  in this  Agreement  and  provided  that Franchise  is in full  compliance  with  this  Agreement,  Pretzel  Time and its Affiliates  will  not  during  the  term  of this  Agreement  operate  or  grant franchises  for the operation of Pretzel Time Units within the  Territory  other than the Franchise granted to Franchisee pursuant to this Agreement.

Franchisee  also  acknowledges  that Pretzel Time has granted the Franchise to  Franchisee  in  consideration  of and reliance  upon  Franchisee's agreement to deal  exclusively  with Pretzel Time.

Neither  Franchisee  nor any of its Owners shall divert or attempt to divert any business or any customers of any Pretzel Time Unit to any  Competitive  Business or employ or seek to employ any  person who is  employed  by Pretzel  Time,  its Affiliates  or a franchisee  of Pretzel Time nor induce or attempt to induce any such person to leave said  employment  without the prior written consent of such person's employer.

The  restrictions  of this Section  shall not be  applicable to the ownership of shares  of a class of  securities  listed on a stock  exchange  or traded on the over-the-counter market that represent two percent (2%) or less of the number of shares of that class of  securities  issued  and  outstanding.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Franchisee shall not be prohibited from owning securities  listed on a stock exchange or traded on the  over-the-counter market that represents two percent (2%) or less of that class of securities.

This non-compete provision may not be enforceable under the laws of your state.

Neither  Franchisee  nor any of its Owners shall divert or attempt to divert any business or any customers of any Pretzel Time Unit to any  Competitive  Business or employ or seek to employ any  person who is  employed  by Pretzel  Time,  its Affiliates  or a franchisee  of Pretzel Time nor induce or attempt to induce any such person to leave said  employment  without the prior written consent of such person's employer.

(2) Recruit or hire any employee who, within the immediately  preceding          six (6) month period,  was employed by Pretzel Time or any Pretzel Time          Unit operated by Pretzel Time, its Affiliates or another  franchisee or          licensee  of  Pretzel  Time,   without   obtaining  the  prior  written          permission of Pretzel Time or such franchisee.

Franchisee  therefore agrees that  during the term of the  Franchise  Agreement,  or the period of time which Franchisee operates a Unit under this Agreement,  whichever is shorter,  neither Franchisee  nor  any  Affiliate,  immediate  family  member,  or  in  the  event Franchisee is a corporation

any Owner thereof and member of his immediate  family or in the event  Franchise is a partnership any partner  (general or limited) thereof and any member of his immediate family, shall:

Franchisee  agrees to refrain from any business or advertising  practice which may be injurious to the business of Pretzel Time and the goodwill associated with the Marks and other Pretzel Time Units.

Pretzel  Time  reserves  the right to  suspend  contributions/fees  and operations of the  Advertising  Fund for one or more  periods,  and the right to terminate the  Advertising  Fund, upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Franchisee.

If  Pretzel  Time  does not  exercise  its  right  of  first  refusal, Franchisee or its Owners may complete the sale to such purchaser pursuant to and on the exact  terms of such  offer,  subject to Pretzel  Time's  approval of the Transfer as provided in Section 17,  provided that if the sale to such purchaser is not completed  within 120 days after  delivery of such offer to Pretzel Time, or if there is a  material  change  in the terms of the sale  (which  Franchisee shall  promptly  communicate  to Pretzel  Time),  Pretzel  Time's right to first refusal shall be extended for thirty (30) days after the  expiration of such 120 day period or after the material change in the terms of the sale so communicated to Pretzel Time.

The  purchase  price  shall be paid in cash at the  closing  of the purchase, which shall take place no later than ninety (90) days after receipt by Franchisee  of Pretzel  Time's notice of exercise of this option to purchase the Unit, at which time Franchisee shall deliver instruments transferring to Pretzel Time or its assignee good and merchantable  title to the assets purchased,  free and clear of all liens and encumbrances  with all sales and other transfer taxes paid by  Franchisee,  and all  licenses  or  permits  of the Unit  which  may be assigned or transferred.

Franchisee  further agrees that the purchase  price shall be further  reduced by ten percent (10%) per month for each subsequent  month  Franchisee  fails to act diligently to consummate this  transaction.  In the event that Franchisee cannot deliver clear title to all of the purchased assets as aforesaid, or in the event there are other unresolved  issues, at Pretzel Time's option,  the losing of the sale shall be accomplished through an escrow.

Pretzel  Time  shall  have the right,  exercisable  by written  notice delivered to Franchisee  (or its Owners) within sixty (60) days from the date of delivery  of an exact copy of such  offer to  Pretzel  Time,  to  purchase  such interest for the price and on the terms and conditions  contained in such offer, provided that Pretzel Time may substitute cash for any form of payment  proposed in such offer,  Pretzel Time's credit shall be deemed equal to the credit of any proposed  purchaser and Pretzel Time shall have not less than sixty (60) days to prepare  for  closing.

If Pretzel  Time exercises its right of first refusal, Franchisee (and its Owners) further agrees that he will abide by the restrictions of Section 17.C.(13).

If Pretzel Time or its assignee  exercises this option to purchase, pending  the  closing of such  purchase,  Pretzel  Time may appoint a manager to maintain the operation of the Unit, at its option,  require  Franchisee to close the Unit during such time period  without  removing any asset

Upon  termination of this Agreement by Pretzel Time in accordance  with its terms and  conditions or by Franchisee  without cause or upon  expiration of this  Agreement  (unless the franchise  has been  renewed),  Pretzel  Time,  its Affiliates  or  its  assignee  shall  have  the  option  (not  the  obligation), exercisable  by giving  written  notice  thereof within sixty (60) days from the date of such  expiration  or  termination,  to acquire from  Franchisee  all the assets  in the Unit  including  the  equipment,  furnishings,  signs,  leasehold improvements,  usable  inventory  of  Products,  materials,  supplies  and other tangible assets of the Unit and an assignment of the lease for the Unit.

If Pretzel Time exercises its right of first refusal,  Franchisee  (and its Owners)  agrees that,  for a period of twelve (12) months  commencing on the date of the closing,  neither  Franchisee (nor its Owners) shall have any direct or indirect interest  (through a member of the immediate  families of Franchisee or its Owners of  otherwise)  as a  disclosed  or  beneficial  owner,  investor, partner, director, officer, employee, consultant, representative, or agent or in any other capacity in any Competitive Business located or operating within three (3) miles of the Unit,  and/or  three (3) miles of any other  Pretzel Time Unit.

Pretzel Time  shall  have the  unrestricted  right to assign  this  option to  purchase.

If  Franchisee  (or its Owners)  shall at any time  determine to sell, assign or transfer for consideration  this Agreement or an Ownership Interest in Franchisee  or the Unit,  Franchisee  (or its Owners)  shall obtain a bona fide, executed  written offer and earnest  money deposit from a responsible  and fully disclosed purchaser (including lists of the Owners of record and beneficially of any corporate  offeror and all general and limited  partners of any  partnership offeror and, in the case of a publicly-held  corporation or limited partnership, copies of the most current annual and quarterly  reports) and shall  immediately submit to Pretzel  Time a true and  complete  copy of such  offer,  which  shall include  details of the payment  terms of the proposed  sale and the sources and terms of any financing for the proposed purchase price.

In the event the closing of the purchase does not occur within said ninety (90) day period because Franchisee fails to act diligently in connection therewith,  the purchase price shall be reduced by ten percent (10%).

If Franchisee desires to assign his rights under the Franchise to a new franchisee,  Franchisee  (Assignor of the  Franchise),  agrees to pay to Pretzel Time a transfer  fee equal to the  greater of SIX  THOUSAND  TWO  HUNDRED  FIFTY DOLLARS  ($6,250.00) or the then current  transfer fee being paid by franchisees upon the assignment, gift, bequeath or transfer of ownership of the Franchise to cover administrative costs and expenses.

A Transfer shall also be deemed to include a merger or consolidation of Franchisee  with  any  other  entity,  the  issuance  of  additional  securities representing,  or convertible into, an Ownership  Interest in Franchisee and any Transfer as a result of death  (subject to this Section),  divorce,  insolvency, corporate or  partnership  dissolution  proceedings or otherwise by operation of law.

Franchisee shall                   furnish  Pretzel  Time at the  time of the  execution  of this                   Agreement or of assignment to the  corporation  or partners of                   Franchisee, a written agreement stating that no stockholder or                   partner  will  sell,  assign  or  transfer  voluntarily  or by                   operation  of law  any  securities  of  Franchisee,  or  other                   ownership  interest  in  Franchisee,  to any  person or entity                   other than existing shareholders or partnership, to the extent                   permitted  hereunder,  without  the prior  written  consent of                   Pretzel Time.

Any Transfer  without such approval shall constitute a breach of this Agreement  and shall be void and of no  effect.

Accordingly, Franchisee agrees no Transfer shall be made without Pretzel Time's prior written approval.

Franchisee,  in  partial  consideration  of the  grant of a  franchise, agrees to pay to Pretzel  Time a  continuing  Royalty of seven  percent  (7%) of Franchisee's  net  revenues  (as  defined  in  Section  1) on a weekly  basis as specified in this  Section;  provided  only 4% Royalty  shall be payable on TCBY frozen yogurt and other TCBY frozen yogurt products.

As compensation for the management services provided,  Pretzel Time shall charge such fund ten  percent  (10%) of the  Unit's net  revenues  during the period of Pretzel Time's management.

Franchisee  agrees to pay on a weekly basis to Pretzel Time, as partial consideration  for the grant of the Franchise,  an  Advertising  Fund Fee of one percent  (1%) of Net revenues  for the  preceding  week as defined in Section 1.

If incorporated into the Pretzel Time System for the development and/or operation of Pretzel Time Units, such ideas, recipes, formulas, concepts, methods and techniques  shall become the sole and exclusive  property of Pretzel Time without any further consideration to Franchisee.

Franchisee assigns to Pretzel  Time or its designee all of  Franchisee's  right,  title and interest  in and to any and  all  such  Promotional  Allowances  and  authorizes Pretzel  Time or its  designee to collect any such  Promotional  Allowances  for remission to the general operating funds of Pretzel Time.

Franchisee  agrees and grants to Pretzel Time and its Affiliates a perpetual and worldwide  right to use and  authorize  other  Pretzel  Time Units or other food service businesses  operated by Pretzel Time or its Affiliates,  franchisees and designees  to  use  such  ideas,  recipes,  formulas,   concepts,  methods,  and techniques  relating to the development  and/or  operation of a dessert or snack food business.

Pretzel  Time hereby  grants to  Franchisee  and  Franchisee  agrees to undertake,  during the term of this  Agreement and upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, the right, license and privilege to operate,  conduct,





and do business  and to use certain  trade  names,  trademarks,  service  marks, logos,  and other  commercial  symbols,  including  Pretzel Time (referred to as "Marks") solely and  exclusively for the operation of one retail  franchise Unit (referred to as "Franchise"), which is in the form of a (Store/Kiosk/Cart),  and to sell  those  Products  known as  Pretzel  Time  pretzels  and  other  Pretzel Time-approved   menu  items  and  Products   further   described  in  Section  2 (hereinafter "Products") in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and in accordance with rules,  standards,  systems,  and procedures as prescribed by Pretzel Time which may be changed,  improved and further  developed from time to time,  (hereinafter  "Pretzel  Time  System"),  at one (1) location  only,  such location to be

 (hereinafter "Site").

Franchisee  agrees and grants to Pretzel Time and its Affiliates a perpetual and worldwide  right to use and  authorize  other  Pretzel  Time Units or other food service businesses  operated by Pretzel Time or its Affiliates,  franchisees and designees  to  use  such  ideas,  recipes,  formulas,   concepts,  methods,  and techniques  relating to the development  and/or  operation of a dessert or snack food business.

Franchisee  agrees and grants to Pretzel Time and its Affiliates a perpetual and worldwide  right to use and  authorize  other  Pretzel  Time Units or other food service businesses  operated by Pretzel Time or its Affiliates,  franchisees and designees  to  use  such  ideas,  recipes,  formulas,   concepts,  methods,  and techniques  relating to the development  and/or  operation of a dessert or snack food business.

Franchisee  agrees to notify the  telephone  company and all  telephone directory  publishers of the termination or expiration of Franchisee's  right to use any  telephone  and telecopy  numbers and any regular,  classified  or other telephone  directory  listings  associated  with any Mark and to  authorize  the transfer  thereof to Pretzel Time or at its direction.

Franchisee agrees to return all materials and supplies identified by the Marks in full cases or  packages  to Pretzel  Time for credit and dispose of all other materials and supplies, but not equipment,  identified by the Marks within thirty (30) days after the effective  date of  termination or expiration of this Agreement.

Upon  termination of this  Agreement,  in accordance with its terms and conditions or by Franchisee  without cause, or upon expiration of this Agreement (unless the Franchise is renewed as provided for in this Agreement),  Franchisee and its Owners agree that for a period of TWELVE (12) months  commencing  on the effective  date of  termination  or expiration  or the date on which  Franchisee complies  with this Section,  whichever is later,  neither  Franchisee,  nor its Owners,  nor any person or entity  affiliated  with  Franchisee or  Franchisee's shareholders or partners shall have any direct or indirect  interest  (through a member of the immediate  families of Franchisee or its Owners or otherwise) as a disclosed or beneficial owner, investor,  partner, director,  officer, employee, consultant,  representative,  agent or in any other capacity in any  Competitive Business  located or operating:  (1) at the Site;  (2) within three (3) miles of the Unit;  and/or (3) within  three (3) miles of any other  Pretzel Time Unit in operation  or  under  development  on  the  effective  date  of  termination  or expiration of this  agreement for a period of one year after the  termination or expiration.

Upon  termination of this Agreement by Pretzel Time in accordance  with its terms and  conditions or by Franchisee  without cause or upon  expiration of this  Agreement  (unless the franchise  has been  renewed),  Pretzel  Time,  its Affiliates  or  its  assignee  shall  have  the  option  (not  the  obligation), exercisable  by giving  written  notice  thereof within sixty (60) days from the date of such  expiration  or  termination,  to acquire from  Franchisee  all the assets  in the Unit  including  the  equipment,  furnishings,  signs,  leasehold improvements,  usable  inventory  of  Products,  materials,  supplies  and other tangible assets of the Unit and an assignment of the lease for the Unit.

Pretzel  Time or its  designee  shall have the right at any time during business  hours and without prior notice to  Franchisee,  to inspect,  audit and copy or the right to cause to be  inspected,  audited and copied,  the  business records,  bookkeeping and accounting  records,  sales and income tax records and returns and other records of the Franchised Business,  including but not limited to,  daily  cash  reports,  cash  receipts  journal  and  general  ledger,  cash disbursements  journal and weekly payroll register,  monthly bank statements and daily deposit slips and cancelled checks; tax returns,  supplier invoices, dated cash register tapes, weekly inventories, sales reports, financial statements and tax returns and the books and records of any  corporation or  partnership  which holds the Franchise  including the personal financial records and tax returns of the Franchisee during and after the term of the Franchise Agreement.

Franchisee shall fully cooperate with Pretzel Time's representatives and independent accountants hired by Pretzel Time to conduct any such inspection or audit.

The audit will be conducted at the expense of Pretzel Time, provided that if an audit  disclosed an  understatement  of two percent (2%), as described above,  Franchisee will bear the cost of the audit,  including without limitation,  the charges of attorneys  and any  independent  accountants,  their travel   expenses,   room  and  board,   and   compensation  of  Pretzel  Time's representatives  and  independent  accountants.

To determine  whether  Franchisee  and the Unit are complying with this Agreement and with all Pretzel Time's  standards and operations as prescribed by Pretzel Time,  Pretzel Time or its designated agents shall have the right at any reasonable time and without prior notice to Franchisee to:

         a.  Inspect the Unit;

         b. Observe,  photograph  and video tape the Unit's  operations for such          consecutive or intermittent periods as Pretzel Time deems necessary;

         c. Remove  samples of any  Products,  materials or supplies for testing and analysis;

         d.  Interview personnel of the Unit;

         e.  Interview customers of the Unit; and

         f. Inspect and copy any books,  records and  documents  relating to the          operation  of the Unit.  Franchisee  agrees  to  cooperate  fully  with          Pretzel Time in connection with any such inspections, observations,  photographing,  video  taping,  Product  removal and  interviews. Franchisee  shall present to his customers  such comment or evaluation  forms as Pretzel Time periodically  prescribes and shall  participate  and/or request his customers  to  participate  in any surveys  performed by or on behalf of Pretzel Time.

Providing  that in no case will Franchisee be obligated to pay more than ten thousand dollars ($10,000) for such inspection  or audit  costs.

EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS  BROUGHT BY PRETZEL TIME WITH REGARD TO  FRANCHISEE'S OBLIGATIONS  TO MAKE PAYMENTS TO PRETZEL TIME  PURSUANT TO THIS  AGREEMENT OR TO INDEMNIFY  PRETZEL TIME PURSUANT TO THIS  AGREEMENT,  ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS  AGREEMENT  OR THE  RELATIONSHIP  OF  FRANCHISEE  AND PRETZEL  TIME  PURSUANT TO THIS  AGREEMENT  SHALL BE BARRED  UNLESS AN ACTION IS COMMENCED  WITHIN:  (1) TWO (2)  YEARS  FROM THE DATE ON WHICH  THE ACT OR EVENT GIVING  RISE TO THE  CLAIM  OCCURRED  OR (2) ONE (1) YEAR FROM THE DATE ON WHICH FRANCHISEE  OR  PRETZEL  TIME KNEW OR SHOULD  HAVE  KNOWN,  IN THE  EXERCISE  OF REASONABLE  DILIGENCE OF THE FACTS GIVEN RISE TO SUCH CLAIMS,  WHICHEVER  OCCURS FIRST.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO  FRANCHISEE'S  OBLIGATION  TO INDEMNIFY  PRETZEL TIME, THE PARTIES WAIVE TO THE FULLEST  EXTENT  PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHT TO OR CLAIM FOR ANY PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES AGAINST THE OTHER AND AGREE THAT, IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE  BETWEEN THEM,  THE PARTY MAKING A CLAIM SHALL BE LIMITED TO RECOVERY OF ANY ACTUAL DAMAGES IT SUSTAINS.

Pretzel Time shall not be liable to Franchisee,  the contractor, or any other person,  and Franchisee  waives all claims for liability or damages of any type  whatsoever  (whether  direct,  indirect,  incidental,   consequential,  or exemplary),  on account of the  rendition  of any  services  by Pretzel  Time in accordance  with  this  Section,  except  to the  extent  caused  by  the  gross negligence  or  intentional  misconduct  of  Pretzel  Time,  and  then  any such liability  or damages  shall be limited to five  thousand  dollars  ($5,000.00).

Such certificate shall state that said policy or policies will not be canceled or altered  without at least thirty (30) days prior  written  notice to Pretzel Time and shall reflect proof of payment of premiums.

In addition to coverage as aforesaid such insurance  shall  include  coverages as set forth in the  Operations  Manual and shall contain a provision  obligating  all insurers to provide a written  notice Pretzel Time of any  cancellation  or  modification  of coverage at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of such modification or cancellation.

The insurance afforded by the policy or policies  respecting  liability shall  not be  limited  in any  way by  reason  of any  insurance  which  may be maintained  by  Pretzel  Time.

Franchisee shall maintain at Franchisee's expense, in form, amounts and with insurers  satisfactory  to Pretzel Time,  which  insurers must have an A.M. Best  Company  rating of "A-" or better and naming  Pretzel  Time an  additional insured,  insurance  against all types of public  liability with personal injury coverage and property damage coverage.

Franchisee  shall not at any time during the term of this Agreement or after its termination, contest the validity or ownership of any of the Marks or assist any other person in contesting the validity or ownership of the Marks.

The  occurrence of any one of the following  events shall  constitute a default under this Agreement  requiring a 30 day notice period of termination by Pretzel Time to Franchisee:

(xi)  Franchisee  misuses  Pretzel Time's Marks or asserts any                   interest  in  Pretzel   Time's  Marks;   uses  Pretzel  Time's                   tradename  or any  part  thereof  as part to of its  corporate                   name;  does not cooperate in the  enforcement  of any Mark; or                   challenges or seeks to challenge the validity of the Marks;

Franchisee  and its Owners  shall  execute  general  releases,  in form satisfactory  to Pretzel Time (the  general form of which is attached  hereto as Exhibit "K"), of any and all claims against  Pretzel Time and its Affiliates and their  respective  shareholders,   officers,   directors,   employees,   agents, successors and assigns.

TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT

Palmer Square Capital Management LLC

the "Licensor"

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc.

the "Licensee"

[ ] day of [ ], 2020

[ ] day of [ ], 2020

This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

This Agreement shall be terminable

by Licensor or Licensee upon sixty (60) days' written notice to the other party;

Any purported transfer without such consent shall be void ab initio.

This Agreement shall be terminable by

Licensee at any time in the event Licensee assigns or attempts to assign or sublicense this Agreement or any of Licensee's rights or duties hereunder without the prior written consent of Licensor.

Licensee shall not sublicense, assign, pledge, grant or otherwise encumber or transfer to any third party all or any part of its rights or duties under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the Licensor, which consent Licensor may grant or withhold in its sole and absolute discretion

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, a personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the Licensed Mark solely and exclusively as a component of Licensee's own corporate name and in connection with marketing the investment management, investment consultation and investment advisory services that Investment Advisor may provide to Licensee.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, a personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the Licensed Mark solely and exclusively as a component of Licensee's own corporate name and in connection with marketing the investment management, investment consultation and investment advisory services that Investment Advisor may provide to Licensee.

For twenty-four (24) months following termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall specify on all public-facing materials in a prominent place and in prominent typeface that Licensee is no longer operating under the Licensed Mark, is no longer associated with Licensor, or such other notice as may be deemed necessary by Licensor in its sole discretion in its prosecution, defense, and/or settlement of any Third Party Claim.

The parties agree that Investment Advisor shall be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement, and shall have the rights and protections provided to Licensee under this Agreement.

Distributor Agreement

'Distributor'

[*]

Lucid Inc.

[*]

The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.

After the initial term, unless terminated, this  Agreement will automatically renew for periods of one (1) calendar year each.

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, USA without regard to conflict of  laws principles.

The Distributors will not develop, manufacture or sell any equipment or service, which in any way can be considered to be competitive to the  equipment or service offered by Lucid to the Distributor as Product.

Lucid appoints the Distributor and the Distributor accepts appointment as an exclusive authorized Lucid Distributor.

The Distributor is appointed as an exclusive Distributor within the following territories: [*].

Either party may terminate this agreement by providing Ninety days Written Notice.

In addition, Lucid may terminate this agreement by giving the Distributor Written Notice if there is any change of control, ownership or  management of the Distributor.

The Distributor agrees to purchase from Lucid minimum agreed quantity of product in the first, second and third years of the Agreement, excluding  demonstration product.

The Distributor will employ as a minimum one full-time Lucid dedicated Product Manager sales professional, giving one hundred per cent of  their time to the promotion and sale of Lucid products.

Lucid agrees that the Distributor may use the  appropriate trademarks to promote the sale of products in the Territory. Such use is only with Lucid's permission and must be related to the sale of  Lucid products.

In no event will the aggregate liability incurred by Lucid in any action or  proceeding exceed the total amount actually paid to Lucid by Distributor for the purchase of the products that actually caused the damage or loss.

If this Agreement is terminated Lucid shall not be liable for any incidental, indirect; special punitive of consequential damages of any kind,  including any perceived or real market development costs.

Lucid will not have any liability or responsibility to Distributor or any other person or entity for any consequential, indirect, special, punitive or  incidental damages or lost profits, whether foreseeable or unforeseeable, based on





     claims of Distributor or Distributor's customers (including but not limited to, claims for loss of data, goodwill, profits, use of money or use of  product, interruption in use or availability of data stoppage or other work or impairment or assets) arising out of breach or failure of express or  implied warranty, breach of contract, misrepresentation, negligence, strict liability in tort or otherwise, except only in the case of death or personal  injury where and to the extent that applicable law requires such liability.

If Lucid accepts Distributor's order and fails to deliver ordered products,  Distributors sole remedy will be limited to refund of money paid to Lucid for any undelivered products.

AFFILIATE OFFICE AGREEMENT

AFFILIATE

NETWORK 1

Payment Data  Systems,  Inc.

NETWORK  1 FINANCIAL, INC.

________ day of ______________________, in the year ____________

The  term  ("Term")  of  this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty  days  (180)  from  the  date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard  or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case,  the  Term  will  be  3 years.

This Agreement will automatically renew for successive  one-year  terms  unless  terminated by either party by providing the other  with  30  days  written notice that this Agreement will not be renewed or Affiliate  enters  into  a  Processing  agreement  with  Network  1  and  an ISO Sponsorship  agreement  with  Harris  Bank  in  which  case  this Agreement will automatically  terminate  concurrent  with  the  execution  of  such agreements.

This Agreement will automatically renew for successive  one-year  terms  unless  terminated by either party by providing the other  with  30  days  written notice that this Agreement will not be renewed or Affiliate  enters  into  a  Processing  agreement  with  Network  1  and  an ISO Sponsorship  agreement  with  Harris  Bank  in  which  case  this Agreement will automatically  terminate  concurrent  with  the  execution  of  such agreements.

All disputes or claims by NETWORK 1  hereunder shall be resolved by arbitration in San Antonio, Texas, pursuant to the  rules  of  the  American  Arbitration  Association.

All  disputes  or  claims  by  Payment  Data  Systems hereunder  shall be resolved by arbitration in McLean, Virginia, pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association.

Affiliate shall not, without the express written consent of  Network  1: i.           Contact  or  otherwise  deal directly with, VISA, MasterCard or the Member  Bank;  or ii.     Make  any representations with respect to Network 1, VISA, MasterCard or the  Member  Bank;  or

Agreement  may  be  terminated prior to the conclusion of the  Term  by  giving  written  notice  of  termination:

D.     By Network 1, for cause. For purpose hereof; "cause" shall consist of

(iii) the providing of vendor services or merchant services  by  Affiliate  or  Contractor(s)  located  by  Affiliate  which  are competitive  with  Network  1 or without the prior written consent of Network 1, contrary  to Section 1.01  [CONTRACTORS] and IV, violation of any clause of Network 1 Affiliate Office  Agreement  and  failure  to  cure  such  violation  within  30  days  of notification

Agreement  may  be  terminated prior to the conclusion of the  Term  by  giving  written  notice  of  termination: A.     By  either  party  as  a  result of default by the other party under this Agreement  and failure to cure said default within thirty (30) days after notice of  said  default  is  given. B.     By  either  party  in the event of insolvency, receivership, voluntary or involuntary  bankruptcy  or  an assignment for the benefit of creditors of or by the Affiliate other than in the ordinary course of business.  However, Affiliate may  pledge  or  otherwise  collateralize  assets  for  the  purpose of securing commercial  loans or lines of credit in the ordinary course of business provided that  such  pledge  is  subordinate  to an security interest associated with the Merchant  accounts  and/or  losses  from  such  accounts. C.     By  Affiliate  in  the event of any changes in the Affiliate's Fee (other than  direct  pass through increases related to Visa and MasterCard interchange, fees,  assessments  and  dues,  processor  communication costs, and other direct increases  including  terminal  hardware). D.     By Network 1, for cause. For purpose hereof; "cause" shall consist of (i) fraud,  intentional  misrepresentation  or  negligence  by  Affiliate  or  any Contractor  located  by  Affiliate  in  compiling  or  providing any information submitted  to  or relied on by Network 1 to Network 1, whether or not such fraud or  misrepresentation  is based on a misstatement, omission, a substantive fact, or  data;  (ii)  intentional  violations  by  the Affiliate or any Contractor(s) located by Affiliate of any of the rules or regulations of VISA, MasterCard, the Member Bank or Network 1; and (iii) the providing of vendor services or merchant services  by  Affiliate  or  Contractor(s)  located  by  Affiliate  which  are competitive  with  Network  1 or without the prior written consent of Network 1, contrary  to Section 1.01  [CONTRACTORS] and IV, violation of any clause of Network 1 Affiliate Office  Agreement  and  failure  to  cure  such  violation  within  30  days  of notification

All  such Contractors must process Merchant applications and transactions exclusively through Network 1.

Additionally, upon termination of this contract for any  reason, all merchants recruited by Affiliate on behalf of Network 1 for any product  offered  through  Network  1,  Affiliate  shall  not approach, rewrite, pursue,  or  contract  with any current client for the purpose of obtaining said client as a new customer for Affiliate or any competing entity the Affiliate may be  in  contract  with.

Affiliate shall not, without the express written consent of  Network  1: i.           Contact  or  otherwise  deal directly with, VISA, MasterCard or the Member  Bank;  or ii.     Make  any representations with respect to Network 1, VISA, MasterCard or the  Member  Bank;  or iii.     Make  contact  with  or  contract  with  any vendor of Network 1 or its subsidiaries  including other Affiliate's, direct sponsored ISO/MSP's of Network 1/Member  Bank,  or  any merchants currently processing with Network 1 or Member Bank.

Network 1 consents  to  waive  said  exclusivity  requirement  with  respect  to  specific Merchants  in  the  event  Network  1 (i) is unable to process for such specific Merchant,  and  (ii)  the  declined Merchant is not accepted for processing by a provider  that Network 1 designates for specific Merchant's that are declined by Network  1  ("B  Bank  Source").

If Network 1 desires to exercise its rights under this Section it will give written notice to Affiliate  within  15  business  days  of  receipt of the Offer.

Any changes in the terms of the Bona Fide Offer as well as  any  subsequent  Bona  Fide  Offer  received by Affiliate shall require full compliance  by  Affiliate  with  the  procedures  in  this  Section.

Network  1  shall  have the exclusive right of first refusal to purchase all  or  any part of the revenue due Affiliate or acquire Affiliate (as the case may  be)  on the same terms and conditions as the Bona Fide Offer.

If during the term of this Agreement for any renewal of this Agreement (the "Right of First Refusal Period"), Affiliate shall receive (i) any Bona Fide Offer to purchase the revenue due Affiliate under this Agreement  or  Affiliate's company through an asset purchase or merger (in which case  Network  1  shall be subordinate to the Checkfree first refusal right), or (ii) a Bona Fide Offer to acquire or merge with or into Affiliate (in which case Network  1 shall be subordinate to the Checkfree first refusal right), Affiliate shall  immediately  give written notice (the "Offer Notice") to Network 1 of the terms  and  conditions  of the Bona Fide Offer, including without limitation the price.

This  agreement  may  not  be assigned or delegated by Affiliate without  prior  written  consent  from  Network  1.

In  the  event  that this contract between Network 1 and Affiliate is terminated for any reason, the Contractors located by Affiliate  shall  remain  Contractors  of  Network  1.

Network  1  shall  have  the right to inspect the Local Offices  during  normal business hours to insure compliance by Affiliate with is obligations  pursuant  to  Section  1.02  [LOCAL OFFICE (AFFILIATE OFFICE)].

The  Exit  Fee  shall  be  paid  by  Affiliate  immediately prior to the assignment  or  Transfer of Merchants and/or its net revenue.  The amount of the Exit Fee during and following the termination of this Agreement shall be defined as  the  following:  (1)  the aggregate sum, per transferring merchant, equal to eighteen  (18) months net recurring revenue normally paid to Affiliate under the compensation  terms  of  this  Agreement  to  a  maximum  of  $250,000.

LOCAL PROGRAMMING AND MARKETING AGREEMENT (WQHT HD2)

MediaCo Holding Inc.

WBLS-WLIB LLC

Programmer

Licensee

November 25, 2019

The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.

The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.

This Agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.

Programmer may not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of Licensee, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.

Programmer shall not separately sell advertising time on the HD2 Channel but may market the WLIB Programs as being rebroadcast on the HD2 Channel.

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Vendor

Distributor

Technical Casino Supplies Ltd

VendingData Corporation

January 21, 2005

January 21, 2005

As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").

As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").

By either Vendor or Distributor, upon written notice of termination of this Agreement no later than ninety (90) calendar days prior to the expiration of the relevant Term, then in effect;

This Agreement shall be governed by, construed in accordance with the laws of Ontario, Canada.

In the event that Vendor is forced to allocate the distribution of the Products due to limited supply, Distributor shall be treated no less favorably than any other distributor and shall receive its pro rata allocation of the Products.

In exchange for the marketing and selling of the Products provided in Section 3, Vendor hereby agrees:

4.4. Subject to Section 4.5 of this Agreement, for a period of twenty-four (24) months after the Effective Date, not to develop, manufacture, market, distribute, sell or supply anywhere in the world to any individual or entity a gaming chip-sorting machine for use in a casino; and

In exchange for the exclusive distribution right and license granted to Distributor pursuant to this Agreement, during the Term, Distributor hereby agrees to purchase the Products from Vendor, where such Products are fit for purpose and ready for sale in the Territory, as determined by Distributor, as follows:

  5.1.1. As of the Effective Date, one hundred (100) units of the PokerOne Shuffler at a price of Four Thousand Nine Hundred Dollars ($4,950.00 U.S.) per unit, where Vendor shall ship the units no later than the end of January 2005;

  5.1.2. Upon the delivery of two (2) units of the Random Plus Shuffler to Distributor and the expiration of a review period ending thirty (30) calendar days after the receipt of delivery by Distributor,, where such review by Distributor determines that the Random Plus Shuffler is fit for purpose and ready for commercial sale in the Territory, one hundred (100) units of the Random Plus Shuffler at a price of Four Thousand Nine Hundred Fifty Dollars ($4,950.00 U.S.) per unit, where Vendor shall ship the units no later than 30 days after the review period;

-5-





  5.1.3. Upon the receipt of any necessary approvals or approval waivers and the expiration of a review period ending thirty (30) calendar days after the receipt of delivery by Distributor of two (2) units of the Continuous Plus Shuffler, where such review by Distributor determines that the Continuous Plus Shuffler is fit for purpose and ready for commercial sale in the Territory, one hundred (100) units of the Continuous Plus Shuffler at a price of Five Thousand Nine Hundred Fifty Dollars ($5,950.00 U.S.);

  5.1.4. Within thirty (30) days of the one (1) year anniversary of the Effective Date, an additional two hundred (200) units of the Products comprising any mix of the shuffler products offered by Vendor; and

  5.1.5. Any additional number of units of the Products as may be submitted by Distributor to Vendor pursuant to a Purchase Order (as defined herein).

In consideration for the purchase of the Products by Distributor from Vendor, Vendor grants Distributor the exclusive right to market, sell, rent, lease, service and maintain the Products and all improvements thereon within the Territory (as defined herein) according to the terms and conditions as set forth herein.

In exchange for the exclusive distribution right and license provided in Section 2 of this Agreement, Distributor hereby agrees during the Term to use its best commercial efforts to promote, advertise and distribute the Products throughout the Territory, including, without limitation, the following:

Distributor shall not obtain, purchase, receive or source any other card shuffling machine from any third party or other source under any circumstance other than from Vendor with the exception of all Shuffle Master, Inc. shuffling machines which are held in stock at the Effective Date which Distributor is free to sell, rent purchase or lease until all of the said stock has been depleted.

In exchange for the marketing and selling of the Products provided in Section 3, Vendor hereby agrees:

4.1. To provide Distributor with the appropriate product brochures, and two (2) fully working and fit for purpose samples of each model of shuffling machine free of charge;

4.2. To prominently display and advertise that Distributor is the sole and exclusive distributor of Vendor for the Products in the Territory;

4.3. Subject to Section 2.6 of this Agreement, not to market, distribute, sell or supply the Products covered by this Agreement to any individual or entity in the Territory directly in response to a request from that person or entity without the prior written consent of Distributor;

4.4. Subject to Section 4.5 of this Agreement, for a period of twenty-four (24) months after the Effective Date, not to develop, manufacture, market, distribute, sell or supply anywhere in the world to any individual or entity a gaming chip-sorting machine for use in a casino; and

Distributor agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Vendor, for a period beginning from the date of this Agreement and ending three (3) years after the termination of this Agreement, neither Distributor nor any of its affiliates or representatives will: (1) employ or solicit to employ any of the employees of Vendor; or (2) encourage of the employees of the Vendor or its subsidiaries to leave the employment of Vendor; provided, however, this Section shall not apply to any such employee who has been terminated by or left the employment of Vendor prior to the Effective Date or, if employed by Vendor as of the Effective Date, any employee who has not been employed by Vendor for at least one (1) year after the end of such employment.

Vendor agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Distributor, for a period beginning from the date of this Agreement and ending three (3) years after the termination of this Agreement, neither Vendor nor any of its affiliates or representatives will: (1) employ or solicit to employ any of the employees of Distributor; or (2) encourage of the employees of the Distributor or its subsidiaries to leave the employment of Distributor; provided, however, this Section shall not apply to any such employee who has been terminated by or left the employment of Distributor prior to the Effective Date or, if employed by Distributor as of the Effective Date, any employee who has not been employed by Distributor for at least one (1) year after the end of such employment.

This Agreement may be terminated subject to the following clauses:

  1.1.1. By either Vendor or Distributor, upon written notice of termination of this Agreement no later than ninety (90) calendar days prior to the expiration of the relevant Term, then in effect;

Subject to Section 1.6, by Vendor (or successor to Vendor), upon written notice to Distributor of a change of control of Vendor and the election by Vendor (or successor to Vendor) to terminate this Agreement, where a "change of control" shall mean a change in ownership of the Vendor such that an unaffiliated third party acquires a majority of the voting power of Vendor;

This Agreement may be terminated subject to the following clauses:

No assignment by either Party of any rights, including rights to money due or to become due under this Agreement, or delegation of any duties under this Agreement or under any purchase orders subject to this Agreement, shall be binding on the nonassigning Party unless and until a written consent has been obtained from the nonassigning Party.

Distributor shall not sell or otherwise transfer any of the rights granted pursuant to this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of Vendor; provided, however, Distributor may enter into distribution arrangements with regional distributors within the Territory in its efforts to promote, advertise and distribute the Products in accordance with this Agreement;

Subject to the mutual agreement of Vendor and Distributor, in the event that Vendor provides a new sales lead to Distributor that results in the sale of the Products, Distributor shall pay to Vendor a commission equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the gross profit for the Products, where gross profit shall mean the difference between the price paid by the customer (where Distributor will determine the customer price for the Products on a case by case basis) and the price paid by Distributor for the Products.

In the event of the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, the exclusive distribution right and license granted to Distributor pursuant to this Agreement shall automatically revert to Vendor as Vendor's sole property.

As part of the exclusive distribution right granted in this Section 2, Vendor hereby grants Distributor the non- exclusive, non-transferable right to use and display Vendor's trademarks, logos, Product photographs and images, Product advertising and promotional copy, including but not limited to the materials contained in Vendor's website, in connection with the promotion, advertising and distribution of the Products.

As part of the exclusive distribution right granted in this Section 2, Vendor hereby grants Distributor the non- exclusive, non-transferable right to use and display Vendor's trademarks, logos, Product photographs and images, Product advertising and promotional copy, including but not limited to the materials contained in Vendor's website, in connection with the promotion, advertising and distribution of the Products.

Distributor agrees not to use in any manner whatsoever the marks, logos, images and copy of Vendor following the expiration or termination of this Agreement, except as may be needed to sell any Products remaining in Distributor's inventory.

The Monthly Compensation shall be paid for the remaining monthly periods remaining in the Term, as if the termination of this Agreement had not occurred, or twenty four (24) calendar months, which ever period is less, where payment shall be made no later than thirty (30) calendar days after the end of the relevant monthly period.

In the event that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to either Section 1.1.4 or 1.1.5 of this Agreement, this shall not of itself be deemed a breach hereof but Distributor shall have the right to receive monthly compensation from Vendor, or successor to the Vendor, representing the amount of profit to Distributor lost as a result of the termination (the "Monthly Compensation").

Distributor shall not be liable for any losses or damages incurred by Vendor as a result of Distributor's failure to meet its obligations under Section 5.1 of this Agreement.

Neither party shall be liable to the other for lost profits or indirect, special consequential or punitive damages of any kind arising in connection with the manufacture, sale and distribution of the products, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

Vendor will provide an initial supply of spare Products and parts as Distributor may reasonably required in accordance with Sections 8 and 10.3 to permit Distributor to offer a six-month warranty on the Products to customers and to enable Distributor to provide a warranty service to customers

Distributor may, no later than one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after a Product is sold by Distributor to a customer, return to Vendor, at Distributor's expense, any Product received by Distributor from Vendor during the 120-day period prior to such return, which Distributor or its customer believes to be defective.

Although Vendor intends to provide a six-month limited warranty to the end user, Distributor shall make no warranties or representations with respect to the Products on behalf of Vendor

Master Development and Manufacturing Agreement

Magenta and Bachem may be referred to individually as a "Party" or collectively as the "Parties."

Magenta Therapeutics, Inc.

Bachem Americas, Inc.

Bachem

Magenta

February 13, 2018

February 13, 2018

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.

This Agreement may be renewed for additional periods of one (1) year (each such additional period, a "Renewal Term") unless either Party provides notice of nonrenewal upon not less than [***] prior written notice to the other Party.

This Agreement may be renewed for additional periods of one (1) year (each such additional period, a "Renewal Term") unless either Party provides notice of nonrenewal upon not less than [***] prior written notice to the other Party.

This Agreement will be construed and interpreted and its performance governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.

This Agreement or any Project Plan may be terminated:

(a) by Magenta for any reason upon [***] written notice to Bachem;

Bachem shall not assign, subcontract or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the express prior written authorization of Magenta, provided however, that Bachem may subcontract its rights and obligations hereunder to those subcontractors identified and agreed to by the Parties in the Quality Agreement.

Bachem will not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of Magenta, and any purported assignment in contravention of this Section 15.2 shall be null and void; provided, however, that either Party may assign this Agreement in connection with (i) the sale, transfer or other disposition of its assets related to this Agreement, (ii) a change in control of such Party, or (iii) the sale or transfer of substantially all of such Party's outstanding stock.

Bachem hereby assigns, and agrees to assign, to Magenta all of its right, title and interest to and in any Magenta Developed Intellectual Property, including all related intellectual property rights.

Any invention (whether patentable or not), discoveries, improvements, works-of-authorship or other intellectual property made, conceived or reduced to practice by Bachem in connection with its performance under this Agreement or any Project Plan, which expressly excludes Bachem Intellectual Property ("Magenta Developed Intellectual Property"), shall be exclusively owned by Magenta.

Magenta grants to Bachem a limited, non-exclusive license to use any Magenta Developed Intellectual Property to manufacture and release the Product for Magenta in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Project Plan.

Without limiting the foregoing, Magenta may use and disclose Bachem Intellectual Property to the extent necessary in connection with the prosecution, maintenance and enforcement of Magenta Developed Intellectual Property.

In the event that any Bachem Intellectual Property is incorporated into any

deliverable (including Magenta Developed Intellectual Property (including Product)) or is otherwise necessary to fully exploit such deliverable, Bachem hereby grants to Magenta a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, paid up, royalty-free license under such Bachem Intellectual Property (with the full right to sublicense directly or indirectly through multiple tiers) to (i) copy, distribute, display, perform and create derivative works of the Bachem Intellectual Property, in whole or in part; and (ii) to use Bachem Intellectual Property and/or practice the subject matter thereof, in each case solely in connection with manufacturing, marketing, promoting, using, selling, offering for sale, importing or distributing such deliverable (e.g., Product).

deliverable (including Magenta Developed Intellectual Property (including Product)) or is otherwise necessary to fully exploit such deliverable, Bachem hereby grants to Magenta a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, paid up, royalty-free license under such Bachem Intellectual Property (with the full right to sublicense directly or indirectly through multiple tiers) to (i) copy, distribute, display, perform and create derivative works of the Bachem Intellectual Property, in whole or in part; and (ii) to use Bachem Intellectual Property and/or practice the subject matter thereof, in each case solely in connection with manufacturing, marketing, promoting, using, selling, offering for sale, importing or distributing such deliverable (e.g., Product). Without limiting the foregoing, Magenta may use and disclose Bachem Intellectual Property to the extent necessary in

In the event that any Bachem Intellectual Property is incorporated into any

Such person shall be given reasonable access to all records, facilities and personnel working on any Services or Project Plans for the purpose or providing advice, coordinating reviews, approvals or any other actions required to ensure compliance with this Agreement to the extent that it does not compromise the confidentiality of other customers.

Magenta and its agents and designees shall have the right to audit Bachem's facilities, systems, records, procedures, and documentation related to this Agreement.

Such audits may be conducted upon reasonable notice during the term of this Agreement and for [***] thereafter.

Bachem shall make accessible for review by Magenta during an audit or inspection, or following Product release by Bachem's Quality Assurance Department, either onsite or on an electronic platform with restricted access rights only (as reasonably requested by Magenta), at a mutually agreeable time, all specific Batch and lot records relevant to Bachem's performance hereunder, including written investigations of any deviations and "out-of-specification" events that may have been generated from manufacturing, packaging, inspection, or testing processes.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL NOT APPLY TO DAMAGES ARISING FROM A PARTY'S (I) INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 11.1 OR SECTION 11.2 HEREOF, (II) GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILFUL MISCONDUCT, (III) BREACH OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 9 OR (IV) INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF THE OTHER PARTY'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT LAW, TORTS OR ANY OTHER AREA OF LAW, FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS PERFORMANCE AND THE MAXIMUM TOTAL LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY WHETHER BASED ON

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED. INFORMATION FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT HAS BEEN REQUESTED IS OMITTED AND MARKED WITH "[***]". AN UNREDACTED VERSION OF THE DOCUMENT HAS ALSO BEEN FURNISHED SEPARATELY TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS REQUIRED BY RULE 406 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. CONTRACT LAW, TORTS OR ANY OTHER AREA OF LAW SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT [***].

In the event that Magenta does not inform Bachem within the [***] period that the Product does not meet the Specifications, Magenta shall be deemed to have accepted the Product.

Bachem shall, during the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms, and [***] after the expiration of the last Product is delivered, obtain and maintain, at its own cost and expense and from a qualified insurance company, comprehensive general liability insurance including, but not limited to, contractual liability coverage and standard product liability coverage in an amount commensurate with industry standards.

Bachem shall provide, and shall cause its Affiliates and sublicensees who perform activities in connection with the manufacture of Product to provide, to Magenta, upon its reasonable request, a statement of coverages, amounts of insurance, and deductibles, and a copy of all policies including clauses within the policies that the insurance company has a duty to defend and indemnify.

SUPPLY AGREEMENT

Gridiron BioNutrients, Inc

Shi Farms

each individually "a Party," and collectively, "the Parties."

EWSD 1, LLC, d/b/a/ SHI FARMS

Gridiron

1/27/2020

This Agreement and any amendments thereto shall be construed according to the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to conflicts of law principles and any disputes hereunder shall be litigated in a state court in Colorado.

Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time prior to delivery of the Product.

This Agreement may not be waived, amended or assigned without an agreed written and signed document, signed by both Parties.

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

Papa John's Marketing Fund, Inc

PJMF

PJMF and PJI are, individually and collectively, "PAPA JOHN'S"

Papa John's International, Inc.

ABG

ABG-Shaq, LLC

PJI

March 15, 2019

March 15, 2019

Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.

The Agreement may be extended for one (1) year upon the parties' mutual agreement in writing, it being specifically understood the services to be performed by CELEBRITY (on behalf of ABG) and remuneration to ABG in connection with the same shall be negotiated in good faith.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law.

Subject to the terms contained herein, PAPA JOHN'S and ABG agree and acknowledge that during the Term of this Agreement and for one (1) year thereafter, ABG shall be prohibited from granting any rights for CELEBRITY identical or similar to the rights granted to PAPA JOHN'S hereunder to any entity other than PAPA JOHN'S for the purpose of directly promoting, advertising, making an appearance on behalf of, or endorsing Competitive Products; provided, however, that in the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7.B. of this Agreement, the prohibition referenced above shall be for a period of six (6) months, except that the prohibition shall referenced above shall not apply (or shall immediately cease to apply, as applicable) in the event of any one or more of the following: (i) the Agreement is terminated due to PAPA JOHN'S failure to pay to ABG any monies under this Agreement, as set forth herein, (ii) the Agreement is terminated due to PAPA JOHN'S failure to grant, issue, or cause to vest any of the RSUs (as hereinafter defined) under this Agreement, as set forth herein, (iii) PAPA JOHN'S failure to pay to ABG any monies under Section 7.D.a. or Section 7.D.b. of this Agreement, as set forth herein, or (iv) PAPA JOHN'S failure to grant, issue, or cause to vest any of the RSUs under Section 7.E.a. or Section 7.E.b. of this Agreement, as set forth herein.

Subject to the terms contained herein, PAPA JOHN'S and ABG agree and acknowledge that during the Term of this Agreement and for one (1) year thereafter, ABG shall be prohibited from granting any rights for CELEBRITY identical or similar to the rights granted to PAPA JOHN'S hereunder to any entity other than PAPA JOHN'S for the purpose of directly promoting, advertising, making an appearance on behalf of, or endorsing Competitive Products; provided, however, that in the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7.B. of this Agreement, the prohibition referenced above shall be for a period of six (6) months, except that the prohibition shall referenced above shall not apply (or shall immediately cease to apply, as applicable) in the event of any one or more of the following: (i) the Agreement is terminated due to PAPA JOHN'S failure to pay to ABG any monies under this Agreement, as set forth herein, (ii) the Agreement is terminated due to PAPA JOHN'S failure to grant, issue, or cause to vest any of the RSUs (as hereinafter defined) under this Agreement, as set forth herein, (iii) PAPA JOHN'S failure to pay to ABG any monies under Section 7.D.a. or Section 7.D.b. of this Agreement, as set forth herein, or (iv) PAPA JOHN'S failure to grant, issue, or cause to vest any of the RSUs under Section 7.E.a. or Section 7.E.b. of this Agreement, as set forth herein.

All Parties agree not to disparage or make derogatory comments, verbal or written, regarding the other Party during the Term of the Agreement, and for one year thereafter.

PAPA JOHN'S shall not, during the Term or at any time thereafter: (I) defame or disparage CELEBRITY or the Personality Rights (or any portion thereof), nor shall PAPA JOHN'S place the CELEBRITY or the Personality Rights (or any portion thereof) in a negative light, whether in connection with this Agreement or otherwise

In the event PAPA JOHN'S wishes to sub-contract any or all of the operation of the Products or its related business hereunder (e.g., design of the Products, advertising of the Products, creation of Products, etc.) to any third party (e.g., ad agencies, photographers, videographers, producers, crew, etc.) (each, a "Sub-Contractor"), the same may only be done if and after ABG has given its Approval therefor.

At least eight (8) "Service Days", including but not limited to:

1. Production days. Up to four (4) production days (defined as a maximum of eight (8) consecutive hours each), with PAPA JOHN'S creative agency.

2. Personal appearances. CELEBRITY shall appear at least (each of the following not to exceed six (6) consecutive hours):

(A) One (1) day engaging with franchisees and team members at company-wide event(s);

(B) One (1) day visiting Papa John's Pizza stores, date and locations to be mutually agreed upon by the Parties; and

(C) One (1) day at a community event, date and location to be mutually agreed upon by the Parties.

At least eight (8) "Service Days", including but not limited to:

1. Production days. Up to four (4) production days (defined as a maximum of eight (8) consecutive hours each), with PAPA JOHN'S creative agency.

Except as otherwise provided herein, all the results of ABG's provision of CELEBRITY'S Services hereunder, including, but not limited to, Materials (but in all cases specifically excluding the Celebrity Endorsement and the Personality Rights), will be deemed a "work made for hire" under the provisions of the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. Sec. 101) and will be owned by PAPA JOHN'S for all purposes.

If any Materials created under this Agreement are not legally capable of being a work-made-for-hire under the applicable copyright laws, then all right, title, and interest in such Materials is hereby assigned to Papa John's and CELEBRITY or ABG will execute any documents consistent herewith necessary to perfect such assignment.

PAPA JOHN'S hereby grants to ABG and CELEBRITY, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully- paid, assignable, transferable, sublicensable right and license to utilize the Materials, in their entirety or any portions thereof, in all media now known or hereafter developed, throughout the universe (individually and collectively, "PJ Rights") as follows: (i) on or in connection the performance of the Services hereunder; (ii) in connection with historical and archival purposes (e.g., documentary, commentary, corporate retrospective, historical files on websites of ABG), so-called business-to-business uses and other non-commercial purposes; and (iii) for industry recognition purposes (e.g., award competition submissions); in each case, in all media now known or hereafter devised.

In consideration of the remuneration to be paid to ABG pursuant hereto and subject to the conditions and limitations contained herein, ABG grants to PAPA JOHN'S the non-transferrable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, indivisible right and license solely during the Term of the Agreement and within the Territory to use the Celebrity Endorsement, in each instance, subject to ABG's Approval (as hereinafter defined).

In consideration of the remuneration to be paid to ABG pursuant hereto and subject to the conditions and limitations contained herein, ABG grants to PAPA JOHN'S the non-transferrable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, indivisible right and license solely during the Term of the Agreement and within the Territory to use the Celebrity Endorsement, in each instance, subject to ABG's Approval (as hereinafter defined).

PAPA JOHN'S hereby grants to ABG and CELEBRITY, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully- paid, assignable, transferable, sublicensable right and license to utilize the Materials, in their entirety or any portions thereof, in all media now known or hereafter developed, throughout the universe (individually and collectively, "PJ Rights") as follows: (i) on or in connection the performance of the Services hereunder; (ii) in connection with historical and archival purposes (e.g., documentary, commentary, corporate retrospective, historical files on websites of ABG), so-called business-to-business uses and other non-commercial purposes; and (iii) for industry recognition purposes (e.g., award competition submissions); in each case, in all media now known or hereafter devised.

Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement by PAPA JOHN'S (but not in the event of termination by ABG), and subject to PAPA JOHN'S ongoing compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PAPA JOHN'S shall have the following rights to use the Celebrity Endorsement solely as follows: (i) for a period of six (6) months following the effective date of expiration or termination, PAPA JOHN'S shall have the right to continue to use, display and distribute copies of Materials which bear the Celebrity Endorsement and which were printed and published, or irrevocably booked for publication or display with a third party, prior to the effective date of expiration or termination; and (ii) PAPA JOHN'S shall have the right, without restriction, to the in-house, non-commercial use of any Materials.

If this Agreement is terminated by ABG for any of the reasons provided in Section 7.B. above, then CELEBRITY shall be entitled to immediately vest in all of the RSUs for the eighteen (18) months following the effective date of termination (including, without limitation, any balance of unvested RSUs that were due to vest as of the effective date of termination, in addition to any and all of the RSUs that would have vested during the next eighteen (18) months but for the termination); provided, however, that in the event there is less than eighteen (18) months remaining in the Term as of the effective date of such termination, then any and all of the balance of the RSUs shall vest immediately as of the effective date of termination.

IN NO EVENT SHALL ABG'S, AUTHENTIC BRANDS GROUP LLC'S, AND CELEBRITY'S TOTAL LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY ABG (EXCLUSIVE OF REIUMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES) HEREUNDER, REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OR TYPE OF CLAIMS.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER ABG NOR AUTHENTIC BRANDS GROUP LLC NOR CELEBRITY SHALL BE LIABLE TO PAPA JOHN'S FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OR ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT, EVEN IF ABG OR AUTHENTIC BRANDS GROUP LLC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBLITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.

PAPA JOHN'S shall procure and maintain, at its sole cost and expense, and use commercially reasonable efforts cause its Sub-Contractors to obtain, at their sole cost and expense, during the Term and for a period of three (3) years thereafter ("Insurance Period"), comprehensive general liability insurance (including, without limitation, product liability insurance, inventory insurance, worker's compensation insurance, and advertising injury insurance), to defend and protect the Parties against claims arising out of or in connection with PAPA JOHN's business, the Materials, the Products, and Advertisements therefor.

Insurance must be obtained from a company reasonably acceptable to ABG, in an amount not less than Five Million United States Dollars ($5,000,000 USD) in the aggregate, or PAPA JOHN'S standard insurance policy limits, whichever is greater.

Within five (5) business days of the date on which this Agreement is fully executed, PAPA JOHN'S shall submit to ABG a certificate of insurance naming each of ABG, CELEBRITY and Authentic Brands Group, LLC as additional insureds ("COI"), which COI, or a renewal or replacement thereof, shall remain in force at all times during the Insurance Period, and shall require the insurer to provide at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to PAPA JOHN'S, and all additional insureds, of any termination, cancellation or modification thereof.

Each party acknowledges and agrees that (i) all copyrights and trademarks used in connection herewith that are owned by a party shall be and remain the sole and complete property of such party; (ii) the other party shall not at any time acquire or claim any right, title or interest of any nature whatsoever in any such copyright or trademark by virtue of this Agreement; (iii) the other party shall not contest or assist others to contest the validity of all such copyrights and trademarks; and (iv) it will not incur or create any expenses chargeable to the other party.

PAPA JOHN'S shall not, during the Term or at any time thereafter, attack or challenge, or lend assistance to any third party in connection with an attack or challenge, of any right, title or interest of ABG in and to any Personality Rights (including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks and/or patents), whether by way of: (i) an application for and/or an opposition against any intellectual property rights relating to the Personality Rights, (ii) adoption and/or application for and/or registration of any intellectual property rights (including, without limitation, domain names, business names, and social media accounts) that are confusingly similar to, that dilute, or that infringe, any of the Personality Rights, or (iii) any lawsuit, cancellation proceeding or action, or otherwise.

Software license and maintenance agreement

Summa Four Inc.

LICENSEE

D2

D2 Technologies, Inc.

August 4, 1997

August 4, 1997

This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance within the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflicts of laws provisions.

LICENSEE may terminate this Agreement upon ninety (90) days written notice.

No party may assign any of its rights, obligations or privileges (except by operation of law or other corporate reorganization) hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonable withheld, provided, that any party shall have the right to assign its rights, obligations and privileges hereunder to a successor in business or an acquirer of all or substantially all of its business or assets to which this Agreement pertains without obtaining the consent of the other party.

If LICENSEE commits to purchase licenses for a minimum of 10,000 processors for the first year after first customer shipments, the fee_per_port will be reduced for $1.00 for the first 5,000 processors.

There shall be fewer than 1 talkoff in 5 hours of voice when the          detector is programmed with the recommended parameters (minimum tone          duration 400 ms).

D2 shall make available to LICENSEE the maintenance and support services according to the terms of this Article 6 for a minimum of five years after Acceptance of Licensed Technology.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                 Requirement - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Characteristic                Bellcore                      EIA/TIA-464A                                 D2 - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                                   Frequency Deviation           +/-1.5% must accept;          +/-1.5% must accept;          Configurable choice of                               +/-3.5% must reject           +/-3.5% must reject           four sets of must                                                                                           accept/must reject:                                                                                           +/-2.0% accept to +/-3.0%                                                                                           reject; +/-2.5% accept to                                                                                           +/-3.5% reject; +/-3.0%                                                                                           accept to +/-4.0% reject;                                                                                           +/-3.5% accept to +/-4.5%                                                                                           reject. - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Minimum Tone                  40 ms must accept; 23         40 ms must accept             Configurable from 24 Duration                      ms must reject                                              to 80 ms - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Minimum Interdigital          40 ms                         40 ms                         Configurable from 24 Interval                                                                                  to 80 ms - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Minimum Cycle Time            93 ms                         93 ms                         Configurable from 48                                                                                           to 160 ms - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Accept Levels                 0 to -36 dBm must             0 to -25 dBm must             0 dBm to configurable                               accept, -55 dBm must          accept                        minimum (-25 to -45                               reject                                                      dBm range)

Minimum response time for R2        detect delay + generate             detect delay + generate delay compelled signaling                 delay                                     detect delay + decision             detect delay + decision delay +                                     delay + generate delay - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------ Accept Levels                       -5 dBm0 to -31.5 dBm0 must          Minimum power is                                     detect;                             configurable from -25 dBm to                                     -38.5 dBm0 must reject              -45 dBm per frequency

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                Requirement - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Characteristic                Bellcore                      CCITT/ITU                     D2 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                                   Frequency Deviation           +/-(1.5% + 5 Hz) must         +/-1.5% must accept           Configurable choice of                               accept                                                      three sets of must                                                                                           accept frequency                                                                                           tolerance:                                                                                           +/-(1.5% + 5 Hz),                                                                                           +/-(1.5% + 10 Hz),                                                                                           +/-(1.5% + 15 Hz) - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Tone Duration                 KP signal >/= 54 ms           >/=30 ms must accept          Minimum duration is                               must accept;                               must reject                                                 steps, from 28 ms up.                               All others: >/=30 ms                                        Can be configured for                               must accept; /=30 ms must accept;                               must reject                                                 - -------------------------------------------------------------





----------------------------------------------------- Minimum Interdigital          Must accept                   Must accept                   Minimum interdigital Interval                      interdigital intervals        interdigital intervals        interval is configurable                               >/=25 ms.  Must bridge        >/=20 ms                      in 4 ms steps.  Can be                               interdigital intervals                                      configured for >/=20 ms                               - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Minimum Cycle Time            Up to 10 pulses per           -                             >10 pulses per second                               second (100 ms cycle                                        (                              time) - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Accept Levels                 0 to -25 dBm must             -                             Minimum power is                               accept                                                      configurable from -25                                                                                                                         frequency - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table A-9 contains the nominal frequency, power, and duration requirements for

                           ------------------------------------------------                               Minimum             Maximum              Unit          ---------------------------------------------------------------------          Frequency            2085                2115                 Hz          ---------------------------------------------------------------------          Duration             2.6                 4.0                  seconds          ---------------------------------------------------------------------          Power                -18.0               -6.0                 dBm0          ---------------------------------------------------------------------

generating modem tones as derived from V.25 and G.164.

The CAP for Licensed Technology shall be cumulative across all "Supported Processors" (including "additional supported processors") utilized by LICENSEE.

Assuming that          each voice call is has an average of 2 seconds of voice, there shall be          fewer than 1 talkoff in 9000 calls.

There shall be fewer than 1 talkoff in 5 hours of voice when the          detector is programmed with the recommended parameters.

LICENSEE is also granted a limited  non-transferable non-exclusive license to Licensed Source Code to perform software maintenance functions according the terms set forth in Article 7 of this Agreement.

Licensed Technology incorporated in LICENSEE Product, together with Updates and New Versions thereof, are provided to LICENSEE's Customer under a non-exclusive worldwide license subject to the following terms:

Subject to the terms and conditions of this  Agreement, D2 hereby grants LICENSEE a perpetual non-exclusive, worldwide license, to use Licensed Technology in Object Code format only as an incorporated part of the Licensee Product.

After "Source Code Access Conditions" is met, LICENSEE shall have the right to use, modify, reproduce and have reproduced Object Code from Licensed Source Code to develop, use, market, distribute, and to maintain and support the Licensed Technology in the Licensee Product.

LICENSEE is also granted a limited  non-transferable non-exclusive license to Licensed Source Code to perform software maintenance functions according the terms set forth in Article 7 of this Agreement.

(i)      Subject to the terms and conditions of this  Agreement, D2 hereby grants LICENSEE a perpetual non-exclusive, worldwide license, to use Licensed Technology in Object Code format only as an incorporated part of the Licensee Product.

The following events shall constitute "Source Code Access Conditions": (i) D2's insolvency, general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or ceasing to do business, or (ii) D2's failure or inability to meet its warranty, maintenance and support obligations under Article 6, or its warranty obligations under Article 8.3, within fifteen days after written notice by LICENSEE to D2 of D2's failure to meet such obligations, or (iii) termination of this Agreement by LICENSEE pursuant to Articles 9.3 and 9.4, or (iv) as needed by LICENSEE for fault isolation.

D2 may audit such records by engaging an independent public audit firm, approved in advance by Licensee, upon thirty days written notice, provided that (i) no more than one such audit may be made in any twelve month period, (ii) D2 may only audit LICENSEE's records for a particular time period once, and (iii) D2 shall be responsible for ensuring that the auditor executes and abides by LICENSEE's confidentiality agreement.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OR SUCH OTHER PARTY, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. IN NO EVENT SHALL D2'S LIABILITY HEREUNDER EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID OR OWED BY LICENSEE TO D2 UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

Within the Warranty period, LICENSEE may elect to pay D2 a sum of $1,400,000 as a one time paid-up runtime license fees for the Basic Services specified in Exhibit A.

Upon successful completion of the acceptance testing, LICENSEE shall make the final "Development License Fee" payment described in Exhibit C LICENSEE shall, within thirty (30) days after delivery of any Licensed Technology, either accept such Licensed Technology or reject such Licensed Technology because of nonconformance with the Specifications.

D2 shall promptly correct any

Software License                                           D2 Technologies, Inc. and Maintenance Agreement       August 4, 1997                      CONFIDENTIAL

12

errors in the Licensed Technology, or failures of the Licensed Technology according to the terms of Article 6 of this Agreement. D2's warranty and error correction obligations with respect to any portion of the Licensed Technology shall extend for a period (the "Warranty period") of one year commencing on acceptance of such portion of the Licensed Technology by LICENSEE.

The acceptance specification shall be completed no later than 90 days after the effective date of this Agreement and shall be attached to this agreement as Exhibit F.

Collaboration Agreement

MacroGenics

MacroGenics and Green Cross may be referred to herein individually as a "Party" or collectively as the "Parties.

Green Cross

Green Cross Corp.

MacroGenics, Inc.

June , 2010

June , 2010

"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates:

(a) ***

(b) ***

(c) ***

Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.

Except as otherwise indicated, in all other respects, the right and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the ***.

During the Term, Green Cross shall not (either by itself, or with or through a Related Party or Third Party) Develop or Commercialize any (i) Product outside of the scope of this Agreement or (ii) Competing Product.

Green Cross shall pay to MacroGenics a royalty of *** on Net Sales of Competing Products for the Royalty Term.

The license granted pursuant to this Section 10.3 shall be nonexclusive in the Territory and exclusive in the rest of the world outside the Territory.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, MacroGenics hereby grants to Green Cross an exclusive, royalty- bearing (i) license, with the right to grant sublicenses (subject to Section 10.1(b)), under the MacroGenics Licensed Technology and the MacroGenics Licensed Trademarks; and (ii) to the extent needed under this Section 10.1(a), sublicense under the MacroGenics Licensed Technology licensed pursuant to the Upstream Agreements, in the case of each of (i) and (ii), to conduct the Phase I Clinical Development Plan and Phase II Clinical Development Plan, and to distribute, sell, offer for sale and import Products in the Field in the Territory during the Term.

In the event of a Change in Control involving MacroGenics, MacroGenics shall provide prompt written notice to Green Cross following such Change in Control, and Green Cross may, in its sole discretion, terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to MacroGenics within *** of Green Cross' receipt of such written notice of the Change in Control.

In the event of a Change in Control involving Green Cross, Green Cross shall provide prompt written notice to MacroGenics following such Change in Control, and MacroGenics may, in its sole discretion, terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to Green Cross within *** of MacroGenics' receipt of such written notice of the Change in Control.

Neither Party may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, provided that either Party may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement, without such consent from the other Party, to its Affiliate or any successor in interest in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of its assets or a sale of all or substantially of the business related to MGAH22 or a Product, or a merger, acquisition or other similar transactions.

In no event shall Green Cross grant any sublicense to any of the rights granted to it pursuant to Section 10.1(a) for any other purpose without MacroGenics' prior written consent.

Green Cross shall pay to MacroGenics a royalty of *** on Net Sales of Competing Products for the Royalty Term.

If MacroGenics terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 16.2, 16.4, or pursuant to Section 16.5 for cause based on material breach by Green Cross:

(v) for the Products (including, without limitation, MGAH22), Green Cross shall assign and promptly transfer to MacroGenics, at no expense to MacroGenics, all of Green Cross' right, title and interest in and to (A) all regulatory filings (such as INDs, CTAs and drug master files), Regulatory Approvals, and clinical trial agreements (to the extent assignable and not cancelled) for such Products(s), to the extent that MacroGenics elects to continue development of such Product(s); (B) all data, including clinical data, materials and information of any kind

or nature whatsoever, in Green Cross' possession or in the possession of its Affiliates or its or their respective agents related to such Product(s); (C) all trademarks related to such Products (if such termination occurs after approval of such trademark by a Regulatory Authority); and (D) all material information, and any other information reasonably requested and required by MacroGenics, relating to the manufacture of such Products;

All amounts recovered from

All outofpocket costs for Patent Prosecution of Jointly Owned Patents and for maintaining Jointly Owned Patents in the Territory shall be shared equally by the Parties.

Green Cross shall have the initial right to institute and direct legal proceedings against any Third Party believed to be infringing Jointly Owned Patents that claims or covers a Product sold in the Territory

MacroGenics shall have the initial right to institute and direct legal proceedings against any Third Party believed to be infringing Jointly Owned Patents that claims or covers a Product sold outside the Territory.

Such Party shall keep the JSC and the other Party informed of the status of all such Patent Prosecution and Trademark Prosecution activities. MacroGenics shall be responsible for undertaking the Patent Prosecution with respect to Patents jointly owned by the Parties (the "Jointly Owned Patents"), and shall do as directed by the JSC.

If MacroGenics does not abate such violation of Jointly Owned Patents, including by commencement of a lawsuit against the accused person if necessary, within *** after receiving notice of such infringement of Jointly Owned Patents and immediately after notice of other violation of such Jointly Owned Patents, then Green Cross shall be entitled (but shall not be obligated) to take all actions reasonably necessary to abate such violation in the Territory, including commencement of a lawsuit against the accused Third Party if necessary.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, MacroGenics shall prosecute and maintain Jointly Owned Patents using outside counsel acceptable to Green Cross, and shall instruct such counsel to provide copies of correspondence and filings directly to Green Cross and otherwise permit Green Cross to participate with MacroGenics in any of the activities of such counsel with respect to the Patent and Trademark Prosecution of such Jointly Owned Patents.

MacroGenics and Green Cross shall jointly own all data, results and inventions, whether patentable or not, conceived or reduced to practice by MacroGenics and Green Cross jointly ("Jointly Owned IP"), together with all intellectual property rights therein, with each Party owning an undivided half interest and the right to exploit without the duty of accounting or seeking consent from the other Party to the extent to be permitted under Applicable Laws and Regulations.

If Green Cross has the right to direct legal proceedings pursuant to this Section 15.5(b)(i) and does not abate such violation of Jointly Owned Patents, including by commencement of a lawsuit against the accused person if necessary, within *** after receiving notice of such infringement of Jointly Owned Patents and immediately after notice of other violation of such Jointly Owned Patents, then MacroGenics shall be entitled (but shall not be obligated) to take all actions reasonably necessary to abate such violation in the Territory, including commencement of a lawsuit against the accused Third Party if necessary.

Before taking any material step in the Patent Prosecution or Jointly Owned Patents, MacroGenics and its counsel shall allow Green Cross a reasonable opportunity to comment on the action proposed to be taken, and agrees to incorporate in such filings all reasonable comments of Green Cross.

enforcement of any such rights by either Party outside the Territory relating to Jointly Owned Patents shall be first used to reimburse each Party's costs and expenses incurred in connection with such action, and any remainder of such recovery, shall be retained by the Party instituting the action.

Green Cross hereby grants to MacroGenics a royalty-free, worldwide license during the Term, with the right to grant sublicenses, under the Green Cross Licensed Patents and Green Cross Know-how that is incorporated into any Product, and all other intellectual property Controlled by Green Cross that is specifically related to MGAH22 to the extent needed by MacroGenics to research, identify, develop, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and import Products, including, without limitation, as contemplated by Section 10.1(c) above, in all cases without any obligation to obtain Green Cross' prior consent.

royalty-free, license, with the right to grant sublicenses, during the Term to use all Clinical Data and other data generated by MacroGenics pursuant to its performing its responsibilities under this Agreement for Green Cross to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, MacroGenics hereby grants to Green Cross a non-exclusive,

Green Cross may grant sublicensees solely for purposes of performing its Development obligations under this Agreement

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Green Cross hereby grants to MacroGenics a non- exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual license, with the right to grant and authorize the grant of sublicenses, to use all Clinical Data and any data generated by Green Cross or any of its representatives or independent contractors pursuant to its performing its responsibilities under this Agreement for the research, Development, manufacture Commercialization and sales of MGAH22 and Products by MacroGenics outside the Territory and for MacroGenics to exercise its rights and fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, MacroGenics hereby grants to Green Cross an exclusive, royalty- bearing (i) license, with the right to grant sublicenses (subject to Section 10.1(b)), under the MacroGenics Licensed Technology and the MacroGenics Licensed Trademarks; and (ii) to the extent needed under this Section 10.1(a), sublicense under the MacroGenics Licensed Technology licensed pursuant to the Upstream Agreements, in the case of each of (i) and (ii), to conduct the Phase I Clinical Development Plan and Phase II Clinical Development Plan, and to distribute, sell, offer for sale and import Products in the Field in the Territory during the Term.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Green Cross hereby grants to MacroGenics a non- exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual license, with the right to grant and authorize the grant of sublicenses, to use all Clinical Data and any data generated by Green Cross or any of its representatives or independent contractors pursuant to its performing its responsibilities under this Agreement for the research, Development, manufacture Commercialization and sales of MGAH22 and Products by MacroGenics outside the Territory and for MacroGenics to exercise its rights and fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

If Green Cross terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 16.3:

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, MacroGenics shall continue to provide Green Cross, for up to ***, the Products (including, without limitation, all MGAH22), at the request of Green Cross in accordance with the terms of Section 6.2;

The accounting firm shall disclose to the Requesting Party only whether the reports are correct or incorrect and the specific details concerning any discrepancies.

Upon the written request of a Party ("Requesting Party") with reasonable advance notice and not more than once in each Calendar Year, the other Party shall permit an independent certified public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing selected by Requesting Party and reasonably acceptable to the other Party, at its own expense, to have access during normal business hours to such of the records as may be reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of the reports under Section 8 for any Calendar Year ending not more than thirty-six (36) months prior to the date of such request.

This right to audit shall remain in effect throughout the life of this Agreement and for a period of three (3) years after the termination of this Agreement.

No other information shall be provided to Requesting Party in connection with this audit right.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 14.7 IS INTENDED TO OR SHALL LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY UNDER ARTICLE 14, OR DAMAGES AVAILABLE FOR A PARTY'S BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS IN ARTICLE 12.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OR FOR LOST PROFITS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

MacroGenics may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Green Cross in the event Green Cross or any of its Affiliates:

(a) directly or indirectly oppose, or assist any Third Party to oppose, in any patent office proceeding, the grant of any patent or patent application within the MacroGenics Licensed Patents, or, in any patent office proceeding, dispute or directly or indirectly assist any Third Party to dispute, the validity of any patent within the MacroGenics Licensed Patents or any of the claims thereof, including opposing any application for amendment thereto;

(b) directly or indirectly oppose, or assist any Third Party to oppose, in any court proceeding, the grant of any patent or patent application within the MacroGenics Licensed Patents, or, in any court proceeding, dispute or directly or indirectly assist any Third Party to dispute, the validity of any patent within the MacroGenics Licensed Patents or any of the claims thereof; or

(c) bring any claim or proceedings of whatever nature in relation to the MacroGenics Licensed Patents against MacroGenics and/or any of MacroGenics' Affiliates (or in respect of the foregoing their directors and officers) in respect of any activities carried out by them under any MacroGenics Licensed Patents which may be the subject of a Valid Claim of the MacroGenics Licensed Patents.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

Client

Excite

CyberShop

Excite, Inc.

31st day of March, 1998

31st day of March, 1998

In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX             clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months             after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement             will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees             for up to an additional four (4) months.

The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will             not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX             impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional             placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable             commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX             clickthroughs to the Client Site.

Regardless of Excite's actual             delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this             Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display             of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional             placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.

This Agreement will be governed by and construed in             accordance with the laws of the State of New York, notwithstanding             the actual state or country of residence or incorporation of Excite             or Client.

Excite will in "good faith" ensure Client that the above mentioned             banners and promotional placements will be more prominently             presented than any other "competitive retailer's" banners or             promotional placements for the term of the Agreement. For the             purposes of this Agreement, a "competitive retailer" means an             on-line department store comparable to Bloomingdale's, Macy's,             Burdine's, Shopping.com, Chef's Catalog or iQVC.

Any attempt to assign this             Agreement other than as permitted above will be null and void.

Neither party may assign this Agreement, in whole or in             part, without the other party's written consent (which will not be             unreasonably withheld), except that no such consent will be required             in connection with (i) a merger, reorganization or sale of all, or             substantially all, of such party's assets or (ii) either party's             assignment and/or delegation of its rights and responsibilities             hereunder to a wholly-owned subsidiary or joint venture in which the             assigning party holds an interest.

Separate and apart from the sponsorship and advertising fees paid             for the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX detailed above in Sections 7(a)             and 7(b), Client will pay Excite a variable revenue share to be             calculated based on sales, excluding any and all amounts collected             for sales tax, shipping and handling charges, and credits for             returned goods and/or services, Client derives from visits to the             Client Site via links from the promotional placements and             advertising on the Excite Site described in Sections 1 - 5.

The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will             not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX             impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional             placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable             commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX             clickthroughs to the Client Site.

In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX             clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months             after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement             will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees             for up to an additional four (4) months.

In the event that Excite             has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client





            Site by end of the additional four-month period, Client may             terminate this Agreement immediately upon delivery of written notice             to Excite.

c)    Each party hereby grants to the other a non-exclusive, limited             license to use its trademarks, service marks or trade names only as             specifically described in this Agreement.

In addition, Excite may, upon no less             than thirty (30) days prior written notice to Client, cause an             independent Certified Public Accountant to inspect the records of             Client reasonably related to the calculation of such payments during             Client's normal business hours.

Should             these results differ to those provided by Client's server by more             than 10%, Client may, once per quarter during Excite's regular             business hours and at Client's sole expense, review these records to             verify the accuracy and appropriate accounting of XXXXXXXXX             delivered pursuant to the Agreement.

EXCEPT UNDER SECTIONS 13(a) AND 13(b), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY             BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL             DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING             NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED             OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY FOR             DAMAGES OR ALLEGED DAMAGES HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR             ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO, AND WILL NOT EXCEED, THE             AMOUNTS TO BE PAID BY CLIENT TO EXCITE HEREUNDER.

TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT

Licensor

Morgan Stanley Direct Lending Fund

Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc.

Licensee

[] day of [], 2019

[] day of [], 2019

The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Licensor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice for any reason, including if the usage of the Brand is not in compliance with the standards and policies.

For the avoidance of doubt, a merger, change of control, reorganization or sale of all or substantially all of the stock of Licensee shall be deemed an "assignment" requiring the above consent, regardless of whether Licensee is the surviving entity or whether such transaction constitutes an assignment under applicable law.

Licensee may not assign, transfer, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber this Agreement or its right to use the Brand (or assume this Agreement in bankruptcy), in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Licensor in its sole discretion, except for an assignment outside of bankruptcy to a successor organization that is solely the result of a name change by Licensee.

This Agreement shall terminate automatically without notice and immediately (a) if MS Capital Partners Adviser Inc. or another affiliate of Licensor is no longer acting as the investment adviser (any such entity, the "Advisor") to Licensee under the Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of [], 201[9] (as the same may

be amended, modified or otherwise restated, the "Investment Advisory Agreement"), or a similar agreement, or (b) the Advisor is no longer an affiliate of Licensor.

Licensee may not assign, transfer, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber this Agreement or its right to use the Brand (or assume this Agreement in bankruptcy), in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Licensor in its sole discretion, except for an assignment outside of bankruptcy to a successor organization that is solely the result of a name change by Licensee.

The parties intend that any and all goodwill in the Brand arising from Licensee's or any applicable sublicensees' Permitted Activity shall inure solely to the benefit of Licensor.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Licensee or any sublicensee is deemed to own any rights in the Brand, Licensee hereby irrevocably assigns (or shall cause such sublicensees to assign), without further consideration, such rights to Licensor together with all goodwill associated therewith.

Subject to the terms and conditions herein, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non- transferable, and (subject to Section 1.2 hereof) non-sublicensable license for the use of the Brand solely for the Permitted Activity.

Subject to the terms and conditions herein, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non- transferable, and (subject to Section 1.2 hereof) non-sublicensable license for the use of the Brand solely for the Permitted Activity.

Licensee may sublicense its rights under Section 1.1 solely to a current or future wholly owned subsidiary of Licensee, and then only with the prior written consent of Licensor (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), provided that any such sublicense shall terminate automatically, with no need for written notice to the sublicensee, if (a) such entity ceases to be a wholly owned subsidiary of Licensee, (b) this Agreement terminates for any reason or (c) such sublicensee materially breaches its sublicense in a manner that harms the Brand and does not cure the same within 15 days after notice from Licensor or Licensee.

Licensee may sublicense its rights under Section 1.1 solely to a current or future wholly owned subsidiary of Licensee, and then only with the prior written consent of Licensor (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), provided that any such sublicense shall terminate automatically, with no need for written notice to the sublicensee, if (a) such entity ceases to be a wholly owned subsidiary of Licensee, (b) this Agreement terminates for any reason or (c) such sublicensee materially breaches its sublicense in a manner that harms the Brand and does not cure the same within 15 days after notice from Licensor or Licensee.

INTERRUPTION AND THE LIKE) RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO LICENSEE'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 7, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR GOODWILL, BUSINESS

INTERRUPTION AND THE LIKE) RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO LICENSEE'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 7, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR GOODWILL, BUSINESS

Licensee agrees not to do anything inconsistent with such ownership, including (i) filing to register any trademark or service mark containing the Brand or (ii) directly or indirectly challenging, contesting or otherwise

disputing the validity, enforceability or Licensor's ownership of the Brand (and the associated goodwill), including without limitation, in any claim, allegation, action, demand, proceeding or suit ("Action") regarding enforcement of this Agreement or involving any third party.

Network Management Outsourcing Agreement

PNG

BANK OF SOUTH PACIFIC LIMITED

Datec

DATEC (PNG) LIMITED

BSP

Datec PNG Limited

Bank of South Pacific Ltd

The commencement date for this contract will be 16th June 2004.

The commencement date for this contract will be 16th June 2004.

The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.

The BSP then have the option to renew the agreement for another 5 years subject to any restructuring of the agreement as required by the parties.

This agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of Papua New Guinea and the parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the National Court of Papua New Guinea.

The BSP may terminate the whole or any part of this agreement for convenience at any time by giving Datec at least 6 months prior written notice.

Datec may terminate the whole or any part of this agreement for convenience at any time by giving the BSP at least 6 months prior written notice.

The BSP may after giving due consideration to all circumstances and not acting unreasonably, terminate this agreement by giving written notice to Datec if there is a change of control or major shareholding of Datec.

If the BSP gives such a notice of termination, then:

  (a) if the change of control:

  (i) results in a competitor of the BSP controlling Datec or

  (ii) is reasonably likely in the BSP's opinion, to have a detrimental effect on Datec's ability to provide the Services in accordance with the agreement,

then the BSP will pay Datec according to Section 14 - "Termination" of this agreement and the Termination Table in Schedule C.

BSP may:

  (a) assign all or part of this agreement to any person as part of a restructure; and

  (b) assign or novate all or part of the rights and obligations under this agreement to any of the BSP's Related Company's as part of a re- organisation of its business.

Datec must not assign this agreement or any right under this agreement unless Datec

  (a) is not in breach of this agreement;

  (b) obtains the prior written consent of the BSP

  (c) ensures that the assignee agrees to be bound by all of the Datec's obligations under this agreement; and

  (d) acknowledges that it remains bound by this agreement

No later than 30 days after the end of each contract year the Base Fee must be increased or decreased in accordance with the increase or decrease in the CPI and such increases or decreases will be calculated by using the following formula:

Datec must give, and must ensure that its Subcontractors give, BSP and their Personnel, (including internal and external auditors and advisers) full access at all reasonable times and on reasonable notice to:

  (a) any premises at which or from which Datec supplies the Services

  (b) the Supplier Personnel; and

  (c) equipment, Software systems, data, accounts, documents and records relating to the Services provided both by Datec and by its Subcontractors, but excluding information relating to the Datec's internal costs and margins for the Services,

in order to enable the BSP to audit Datec's compliance with this agreement and for operational risk reasons.

The BSP itself may also audit the Supplier's (and its subcontractors) records relevant to the supply of the Services for any reasonable purpose including processes, procedures and performance for operational risk assessment, regulatory requirements and annual reporting.

If the BSP terminates under clause 14.3 (Termination by BSP for Convenience) the BSP will pay Datec the Termination Fee calculated in accordance with Attachment C (Pricing).

The BSP will provide full comprehensive replacement insurance cover for all assets contained in the Asset Register (Schedule A).

The BSP will provide documentary evidence to Datec that such insurance is in place for the term of the agreement.

MOBILE VIRTUALNETWORK ENABLER HOSTING AGREEMENT

ELEPHANT TALK

T-Mobile Netherlands B.V.

Elephant Talk Communication Holding AG

T-Mobile

each individually referred to as "Party" and together as "Parties".

18/9/2008

This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.

This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.

At the end of *** Parties will negotiate in good faith regarding a possible extension of the Initial Term.

Parties can mutually agree in writing to deviate from an automatic extension of *** by extending this Agreement for a longer period than ***.

If no termination notice is provided, the Agreement will be automatically extended for consecutive *** periods until such time as *** termination notice is provided.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects exclusively in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands.

Without the prior written consent of the other Party, a Party shall not at any time while this Agreement is in force and for a one-year period after termination of this Agreement either for itself or on behalf of any other company solicit, induce or cause any employee of the other Party or any Affiliated Company of this other Party who has been a representative of or employed by the other Party in connection with this Agreement to leave such employment.

The Agreement may be terminated by both Parties with a notification period of *** before the end of the Initial Term of the Agreement.

a) such Affiliated Company expressly assumes, by written instrument, all of the obligations of the Party under this Agreement and thereby becomes a Party to this Agreement, and   b) such Affiliated Company has adequate financial strength, resources and experience in the reasonable opinion of the other Party (such opinion to be obtained in writing in advance of any assignment), to comply with its obligations under this Agreement. Such assignment shall not release the assigning Party of its obligations under article 11 of this Agreement.

This Agreement and the rights and obligations specified herein shall be binding upon the Parties and their respective legal successors and neither Party shall sell, transfer or assign this Agreement or any part, interest, right or obligation hereunder except that a Party shall have the right to transfer or assign this Agreement in whole (but not in part) to an Affiliated Company provided that:

T-Mobile hereby grants ELEPHANT TALK a fully paid-up, non-exclusive licence to use the Hosting Services for the purpose of ELEPHANT TALK in providing the ELEPHANT TALK Wholesale Services during the term of this Agreement without further consideration.

Limitation of liability as described in this article shall not apply:   a) in case the damage or loss is caused by a Party's willful misconduct (including fraud) or gross negligence, or   b) in case of a breach of a Parties obligation under article 11 (confidentiality) and article 15 (indemnification for breach of intellectual property rights).

Without prejudice to the provisions expressly stated elsewhere in this Agreement, a Party's liability for damage suffered by the other Party, attributable to the first mentioned Party or a person for whom it is liable by law, shall be limited to the following events, and the following amounts:     a)   for direct damage to physical goods (property damage or "zaakschade") or directly resulting from death or personal injury: up to a maximum of *** per event or series of connected events and up to a further maximum of *** for all events (connected or not) in any period of 12 calendar months;           b)   for damage directly resulting from a material breach of this Agreement: up to a maximum *** or *** as set out in Appendix 2), whatever amount is the highest, in any period of 12 calendar months.

In no event shall either Party be liable for indirect or consequential loss or damage, including but not limited to, loss of profit, loss of sales or turnover, loss of or damage to reputation, loss of contract, loss of business, loss of anticipated savings and interest, increased operation costs, increase maintenance costs even if such loss or damage was reasonably foreseeable or if a Party had been advised by the other Party of the possibility of incurring such loss or damage.

Any claim for damages must be notified to the other Party within six (6) months as from the date on which the damage was caused, failing which such claim is deemed to be waived.

In case of violation of this article, the Party shall pay to the other Party an equivalent of eighteen (18) months gross salary of the respective employee.

CO-DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

SFJ

PB

SFJ Pharmaceuticals X, Ltd.

each, a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties").

PhaseBio Pharmaceuticals Inc.

January 9, 2020

January 9, 2020

The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.

The construction and validity of this Agreement and the provisions hereof, and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder, will be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and, to the extent applicable to Patents and Trademarks, the applicable federal laws of the USA, in each instance without regard to conflict of laws principles.

During the applicable Exclusive Period, SFJ shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, either by itself or through a Third Party, conduct human clinical trials of, or sell, offer for sale or have sold:

3.19.1 any Competing Product (other than Product) alone or in combination (whether fixed dose or co-packaged) with one (1) or more other active ingredients;

3.19.2 any combination (whether fixed dose or co-packaged) with one (1) or more other active ingredients of the Product and a Competing Product;

3.19.3 any agent that is intended as an antidote to, or is intended to neutralize, abrogate or reverse the antiplatelet activity of, (i) any Brilinta Competing Product alone or in combination (whether fixed dose or co-packaged) with one (1) or more other active ingredients or (ii) both the Ticagrelor Compound and a Brilinta Competing Product;

3.19.4 without limitation to the foregoing, any agent with dual activity as (i) an antidote to, or for use as an agent to neutralize, abrogate or reverse the antiplatelet activity of, the Ticagrelor Compound and (ii) an antidote to, or for use as an agent to neutralize, abrogate or reverse the antiplatelet activity of, any Brilinta Competing Product; or

3.19.5 any Brilinta Competing Product.

SFJ shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain from each Third Party contractor that SFJ or its Affiliate proposes to engage to conduct activities under or in connection with this Agreement on behalf of SFJ or its Affiliates (i) an assignment, (ii) an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid, freely-assignable license, with the right to sublicense through multiple tiers, or (iii) a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid, freely-assignable license, with the right to sublicense through multiple tiers ((i) through (iii) in order of preference), to PB of any Trial Invention that such Third Party contractor conceives, discovers, develops or otherwise makes in connection with activities conducted relating to this Agreement.

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, without the consent of PB, which consent may be withheld in PB's sole discretion, SFJ shall not sell, assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer this Agreement to an entity whose primary business is the development or commercialization of pharmaceutical or biotechnology products prior to the date of Program Transfer. For the avoidance of doubt the preceding sentence shall not apply after the date of Program Transfer.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall restrict or preclude the Parties' right to make generalized searches for employees by way of a general solicitation for employment placed in a trade journal, newspaper or website.

During the Term and for a period of [***] thereafter, neither Party shall solicit an employee of the other Party who is or has been involved in the performance or oversight of any of the development activities hereunder to terminate his or her employment and accept employment or work as a consultant with the soliciting Party.

PB shall not, without SFJ's prior written consent, enter into a Licensing Transaction unless such Licensing Transaction is an Excluded Licensing Transaction (in which case such prohibition shall not apply and no such consent of SFJ shall be required); provided that SFJ shall only be entitled to withhold such consent as to a Licensing Transaction other than an Excluded Licensing Transaction in the event SFJ reasonably determines, and provides PB with written notice of its determination within [***] of PB providing to SFJ a non-binding term sheet or comparable document summarizing the material terms of the proposed Licensing Transaction [***], that PB entering into such Licensing Transaction would [***] ("Material Impact").

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any assignment of the rights or obligations under this Agreement by a Party (i) to an Affiliate shall require such Party to guarantee the performance of such Affiliate's financial and performance obligations hereunder or (ii) in connection with the sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of such Party's business or assets to which this Agreement relates shall require the ultimate Affiliate controlling the other party in such transaction to guarantee such Party's financial and performance obligations hereunder and such Party shall remain liable for such financial and performance obligations notwithstanding such sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of such Party's business or assets to which this Agreement relates.

Control Buy-Out Payment, the proposed date of closing of the buy-out (which shall occur within [***] after the date of closing of such Change of Control), and the calculation of the Change of Control Buy-Out Payment in reasonable detail based upon the proposed closing date of the buy-out.

Within one hundred and twenty (120) days following the closing of a Change of Control, PB or its successor shall have the right to make a one-time payment (the "Change of Control Buy-Out Payment") in lieu of all (but not less than all) remaining Approval Payments for the applicable country(ies) in which Regulatory Approval has been received as of the date of closing of such Change of Control, provided that SFJ has not previously assigned the right to receive the Approval Payments to a Third Party, in which event PB or its successor shall not have such right.

FJ may, in its sole discretion, terminate this Agreement in its entirety at any time following a Change of Control of PB that occurs prior to the date of payment by PB of the final Approval Payment.

PB will notify SFJ in writing promptly (and in any event within [***]) following the entering into of a definitive agreement with respect to a Change of Control of PB.

To exercise its right to make the Change of Control Buy-Out Payment, PB or its successor shall provide written notice to SFJ (the "Change of Control Buy-Out Notice") no later than [***] after the date of closing of such Change of Control, which written notice shall set forth the amount of the applicable Change of

Without the prior written consent of the other Party hereto, neither Party will sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of, whether voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, this Agreement or any of its rights or duties hereunder; provided, however, that either Party may assign, sublicense or transfer this Agreement and all of its rights and obligations hereunder, in their entirety, to any of its Affiliates or to a successor in connection with the sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise, and

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, without the consent of PB, which consent may be withheld in PB's sole discretion, SFJ shall not sell, assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer this Agreement to an entity whose primary business is the development or commercialization of pharmaceutical or biotechnology products prior to the date of Program Transfer.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any assignment of the rights or obligations under this Agreement by a Party (i) to an Affiliate shall require such Party to guarantee the performance of such Affiliate's financial and performance obligations hereunder or (ii) in connection with the sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of such Party's business or assets to which this Agreement relates shall require the ultimate Affiliate controlling the other party in such transaction to guarantee such Party's financial and performance obligations hereunder and such Party shall remain liable for such financial and performance obligations notwithstanding such sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of such Party's business or assets to which this Agreement relates.

PB shall not sell, transfer or assign, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, any rights to receive payments of royalties or license fees with respect to the Product or the PB Intellectual Property (including any Accounts with respect to such royalties or license fees), other than to a wholly owned direct or indirect subsidiary of PB (it being understood that the foregoing shall not restrict the creation of any Permitted Lien).

PB shall issue to SFJ on the Effective Date a warrant ("Warrant") exercisable for two million two hundred thousand (2,200,000) shares of PB common stock ("Stock") at an exercise price per share ("Exercise Price") equal to the greater of (a) five dollars ($5.00) or (b) 120% of the volume weighted average closing price of the Stock over the thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day immediately preceding the Effective Date and exercisable as follows: (i) one million one hundred thousand (1,100,000)

Source: PHASEBIO PHARMACEUTICALS INC, 10-K, 3/30/2020





shares may be exercised at any time after the Effective Date provided that any such shares may be transferred by SFJ to its Affiliates but may not be resold by SFJ or its Affiliates until one (1) year after the Effective Date and (ii) one million one hundred thousand (1,100,000) shares may be exercised at any time after the date of Successful Phase 3 Interim Analysis

In connection with the Development, manufacture and Commercialization of the Product and fulfillment of PB's obligations hereunder, PB shall spend at least an amount equal to the amount of funding paid by SFJ to PB pursuant to this Section 4.2.

and disclose to PB in writing all previously-undisclosed Research Results within the Trial Data Package; (b) formally transfer or assign, or cause to be formally transferred or assigned, into the name of PB or its designee all Product Filings in such country (in each case, whether held in the name of SFJ or any of its Affiliates); and (c) take such other actions and execute such other instruments, assignments and documents as may be necessary to effect, evidence, register and record the transfer, assignment or other conveyance of such rights to PB or its designee;

Within [***] after assignment of such Product Filings in the applicable country, SFJ shall deliver to PB: (a) true, correct and complete copies of all Product Filings in such country (in each case, whether held in the name of SFJ or any of its Affiliates), and disclose to PB in writing all previously-undisclosed Research Results within the Trial Data Package; (b) formally transfer or assign, or cause to be formally transferred or assigned, into the name of PB or its designee all Product Filings in such country (in each case, whether held in the name of SFJ or any of its Affiliates); and (c) take such other actions and execute such other instruments, assignments and documents as may be necessary to effect, evidence, register and record the transfer, assignment or other conveyance of such rights to PB or its designee.

In consideration of the Approval Payments to be made under this Agreement (if and to the extent applicable), and in further consideration of the payment by PB to SFJ of [***], SFJ shall sell and transfer to PB, and PB shall acquire from SFJ, the sole and exclusive ownership, even as to SFJ, of the Trial Data Package including all Research Results as set forth below in this Section 11.1.1.4.

to the extent not previously assigned to PB pursuant to Section 11.1.1.4, SFJ shall, and it hereby does, assign sole and exclusive ownership of the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein to PB, such assignment to be effective in accordance with Section 11.1.1.4;

sole ownership provided for in the second sentence of this Section 11.1.1.1(b).

effective as of such termination, SFJ shall, and it hereby does, assign to PB all of SFJ's and its Affiliates' right, title and interest in and to all Product Filings then owned or Controlled by SFJ or any of its Affiliates; provided that if any such Product Filing is not immediately transferable in a country, SFJ shall provide PB with all benefit of such Product Filing and such assistance and cooperation as necessary or reasonably requested by PB to timely transfer such Product Filing to PB or its designee or, at PB's option, to enable PB to obtain a substitute for such Product Filing without disruption to PB's development or Commercialization of the Product in the SFJ Territory;

SFJ shall, and hereby does, assign to MedImmune and will cause each of its officers, directors, employees and Affiliates, and its and their respective Permitted Third Parties, to assign to MedImmune all right, title and interest in and to all Patents filed by or on behalf of PB claiming any Licensed Know-How, without additional compensation, as is necessary to fully effect the

SFJ shall cause each employee and individual consultant of such SFJ or its Affiliates (but excluding Permitted Third Parties of SFJ and its Affiliates, which are separately addressed in Section 11.1.1.3(c)) who conceives, discovers, develops or otherwise makes any Trial Invention to be under an obligation to assign to PB their rights in any such Trial Invention.

within [***] after assignment of the Product Filings pursuant to Section 14.3.2, SFJ shall deliver to PB: (a) true, correct and complete copies of all Product Filings in such country (in each case, whether held in the name of SFJ or any of its Affiliates),

SFJ shall, and hereby does, assign to MedImmune and will cause each of its officers, directors, employees and Affiliates, and its and their respective Permitted Third Parties, to assign to MedImmune all right, title and interest in and to all (i) AstraZeneca Product Improvements that are conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made by or on behalf of SFJ or any of its Affiliates (including by any of their respective Third Party contractors), (ii) AstraZeneca Product Know-How generated by or on behalf of SFJ or any of its Affiliates (including by any of their respective Third Party contractors), and (iii) AstraZeneca Product Patents claiming any such AstraZeneca Product Improvement(s) or AstraZeneca Product Know-How; in each case, without additional compensation, as is necessary to fully effect the sole ownership provided for in the first sentence of this Section 11.1.1.2(a).

In addition, during the Term, PB shall not take any action to terminate the AZ License without providing [***] prior written notice to SFJ of PB's intent to terminate so that SFJ may, in its sole discretion, elect to obtain the Program Transfer, and if SFJ elects in writing within such [***] period to obtain the Program Transfer, then PB shall not terminate the AZ License but shall assign it to SFJ in accordance with the Program Transfer Agreement and in such event PB shall not be entitled to any royalty payments as set forth in Section 3 of the Program Transfer Agreement.

SFJ shall cause each employee, individual consultant and Third Party contractor that SFJ or its Affiliate proposes to engage to conduct any Clinical Trial activity under or in connection with this Agreement (including, if applicable, in connection with the Program Transfer Agreement) on its behalf who conceives, discovers, develops or otherwise makes any AstraZeneca Product Improvement under or in connection with activities conducted pursuant to this Agreement to be under an obligation to assign to PB their rights in any such AstraZeneca Product Improvement, so that PB may comply with its obligations with respect to AstraZeneca Improvements, AstraZeneca Product Know-How and AstraZeneca Product Patents under the AZ License.

SFJ, for itself and on behalf of its Affiliates, hereby assigns, and shall cause such other Permitted Third Parties to assign (subject to Section 11.1.1.3(c)), to PB all its right, title and interest in and to Trial Inventions and all information and data necessary to support the filing of patent applications Covering such Trial Inventions.

SFJ acknowledges and agrees that, as required by the AZ License, MedImmune shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to any and all AstraZeneca Product Improvements, AstraZeneca Product Know-How and AstraZeneca Product Patents.

Upon approval of a BLA for the Product for the Indication by NMPA in China or PMDA in Japan, SFJ, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, shall, and hereby does, assign to PB all of SFJ's and its Affiliates' right, title and interest in and to all INDs, BLAs and Regulatory Approvals (including all amendments and supplements to any of the foregoing) and other filings with, and formal submissions to, NMPA or PMDA, respectively, and other applicable Regulatory Authorities in such country, in each case, with respect to the Product in such country (collectively, "Product Filings").

In the case of any individual consultant of SFJ or its Affiliates (excluding SFJ's and its Affiliates' Permitted Third Parties), if SFJ is unable to cause such consultant to agree to such assignment obligation despite SFJ's using commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate such assignment obligation, then SFJ shall either: (A) cause such consultant to grant an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid, freely-assignable license, with the right to sublicense through multiple tiers, under their rights in such Trial Invention to develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale and import the Product for any and all uses, except where Applicable Law requires otherwise and except in the case of consultants who are employed by governmental, not- for-profit, or public institutions that have standard policies against such an assignment (in which case, SFJ shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a suitable license, or right to obtain such a license); or (B) refrain from using such consultant to conduct activities pursuant to this Agreement unless PB obtains MedImmune's written consent thereto.

In the event that SFJ terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.2.3, then, if PB elects to continue development of the Product and obtains Regulatory Approval following such termination, in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB shall remain obligated to pay SFJ an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of the Approval Payments (as adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2, subject, to the extent applicable, to Sections 2.3.3 and 3.12.2) that become due and payable under ARTICLE 6 at such time as they become due and payable (if ever) pursuant to ARTICLE 6 (or, as applicable, 50% of any Buy-Out Payment that PB elects to pay pursuant to Section 6.7), provided that such Approval Payments (or Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall also be adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2.

In the event that SFJ terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.2.10, then in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB will pay to SFJ, within [***] of the date of termination, an amount equal to the Development Costs paid or incurred by SFJ plus interest at the annual rate of twenty-five percent (25%) from the date such Development Costs were paid or incurred by SFJ and, if PB elects to continue development of the Product and obtains Regulatory Approval following such termination, PB shall remain obligated to pay any Approval Payments that become due and payable pursuant to ARTICLE 6 at such time as such Approval Payments become due and payable (if ever) pursuant to ARTICLE 6 (except to the extent of the amount of any Buy-Out Payment paid by PB pursuant to Section 6.7), provided that such Approval Payments (or Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2, and reduced by the amount previously paid to SFJ as set forth in this Section 14.2.10.

In the event that PB terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.2.2 then in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB will pay SFJ, within [***] of the date of termination, an amount equal to three hundred percent (300%) of Development Costs paid or incurred by SFJ prior to such termination.

In the event that SFJ terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.2.8.1, then (a) in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB will pay SFJ, within [***] of the date of termination, an amount equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of Development Costs paid or incurred to PB by SFJ prior to such termination, and (b) if PB elects to continue development of the Product and obtains Regulatory Approval following such termination, PB shall remain obligated to pay to SFJ any Approval Payments that become due and payable pursuant to ARTICLE 6 at such time that such payments become due and payable (if ever) pursuant to ARTICLE 6 (except to the extent of the amount of any Buy-Out Payment paid by PB pursuant to Section 6.7), provided that such Approval Payments (or Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2, and reduced by the amount previously paid by PB to SFJ pursuant to this Section 14.2.8.1.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if PB terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.2.1 above based on SFJ's failure to make any payment due to PB in accordance with ARTICLE 4, then, if PB elects to continue development of the Product and obtains Regulatory Approval following such termination, PB shall remain obligated to pay to SFJ fifty percent (50%) of any Approval Payments that become due and payable pursuant to ARTICLE 6 at such time that such payments become due and payable (if ever) pursuant to ARTICLE 6 (or, as applicable, fifty percent (50%) of any Buy-Out Payment that PB elects to pay pursuant to Section 6.7), provided that such Approval Payments (or Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall also be adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) if this Agreement terminates pursuant to this Section 14.2.7 and such termination: (i) arises as a result of gross negligence on the part of PB; or (ii) is due to (x) the applicable independent data monitoring committee recommending termination of the Phase 3 Trial or (y) PB and SFJ

and disclose to PB in writing all previously-undisclosed Research Results within the Trial Data Package; (b) formally transfer or assign, or cause to be formally transferred or assigned, into the name of PB or its designee all Product Filings in such country (in each case, whether held in the name of SFJ or any of its Affiliates); and (c) take such other actions and execute such other instruments, assignments and documents as may be necessary to effect, evidence, register and record the transfer, assignment or other conveyance of such rights to PB or its designee;

In the event that SFJ terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.2.9, then in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB shall pay to SFJ, within [***] of the date of termination, an amount equal to all Development Costs paid or incurred by SFJ as of the date of termination.

In the event that PB terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.2.5, then, if PB elects to continue development of the Product and obtains Regulatory Approval following such termination, in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB shall remain obligated to pay to SFJ any Approval Payments that become due and payable pursuant to ARTICLE 6 at such time as such Approval Payments become due and payable (if ever) pursuant to ARTICLE 6 (except to the extent of the amount of any Buy-Out Payment paid by PB pursuant

Additionally, PB will remain obligated to pay any Approval Payments that become due and payable pursuant to ARTICLE 6 at such time as such payments become due and payable (if ever) pursuant to ARTICLE 6 (except to the extent of the amount of any Buy-Out Payment paid by PB pursuant to Section 6.7), provided that such Approval Payments (or Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2, and reduced by the amount previously paid by PB to SFJ pursuant to this Section 14.2.5.2.

Additionally, if PB elects to continue development of the Product and obtains Regulatory Approval following such termination, PB will remain obligated to pay any Approval Payments that become due and payable pursuant to ARTICLE 6 at such time as such payments become due and payable (if ever) (except to the extent PB pays any Buy-Out Payment(s) pursuant to Section 6.7), provided that each Approval Payment (or Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2, and reduced by the amount previously paid by PB to SFJ pursuant to this Section 14.2.1.

at PB's written request and election in PB's sole discretion, SFJ shall and hereby does, and shall cause its Affiliates to either: (i) wind down in accordance with Applicable Law and observing applicable ethical and regulatory guidelines any or all Clinical Trials being conducted by or on behalf of SFJ or its Affiliate as of the effective date of termination, at SFJ's cost and expense; or (ii) (x) transfer control to PB of any or all Clinical Trials being conducted by or on behalf of SFJ or its Affiliate as of the effective date of termination and (y) continue to conduct such Clinical Trials being conducted by or on behalf of SFJ or an Affiliate as of the effective date of termination for up to [***] to enable such transfer to be completed without interruption of any such Clinical Trial, in each case ((x) and (y)), at PB's cost and expense;

In the event that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 14.2.4, then, if PB elects to continue development of the Product and obtains Regulatory Approval following such termination, in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB shall remain obligated to make any Approval Payments that become due and payable pursuant to ARTICLE 6 at such time that such payments become due and payable (if ever) pursuant to ARTICLE 6 (except to the extent of the amount of any Buy-Out Payment paid by PB pursuant to Section 6.7), provided that such Approval Payments (or Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2.

mutually agreeing to terminate the Phase 3 Trial, in either case ((x) or (y)), due to a Serious Safety Issue that was previously known, demonstrated or identified by PB as being material as of the Effective Date and the material data showing, demonstrating, or identifying such Serious Safety Issue were not included in the Data Room, disclosed in writing to SFJ or otherwise publicly known prior to the Effective Date; then, in either case ((i) or (ii)), PB will pay SFJ within [***] of the date of termination an amount equal to three hundred percent (300%) of Development Costs paid or incurred by SFJ, and (B) if PB elects to continue development of the Product and obtains Regulatory Approval following such termination, in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB will remain obligated to pay any Approval Payments that become due and payable pursuant to ARTICLE 6 at such time as such Approval Payments become due and payable (if ever) pursuant to ARTICLE 6 (except to the extent of the amount of any Buy-Out Payment paid by PB pursuant to Section 6.7), provided that such Approval Payments (or Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2 and shall be reduced by the amount previously paid by PB to SFJ pursuant to this Section 14.2.7.

effective as of such termination, SFJ shall, and it hereby does, assign to PB all of SFJ's and its Affiliates' right, title and interest in and to all Product Filings then owned or Controlled by SFJ or any of its Affiliates; provided that if any such Product Filing is not immediately transferable in a country, SFJ shall provide PB with all benefit of such Product Filing and such assistance and cooperation as necessary or reasonably requested by PB to timely transfer such Product Filing to PB or its designee or, at PB's option, to enable PB to obtain a substitute for such Product Filing without disruption to PB's development or Commercialization of the Product in the SFJ Territory;

In the event that SFJ terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.2.6, then, in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB will pay to SFJ within [***] of the date of termination an amount equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of Development Costs which were paid or incurred by SFJ. PB or its successor (whose performance shall be guaranteed by PB) shall be obligated to continue to exercise Commercially Reasonable Effort to develop the Product and seek Regulatory Approval as set forth herein following the date of such termination including the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB shall remain obligated to pay any Approval Payments that become due and payable pursuant to ARTICLE 6 at such time as such Approval Payments become due and payable (if ever) pursuant to ARTICLE 6 (except to the extent of the amount of any Buy-Out Payment paid by PB pursuant to Section 6.7), provided that such Approval Payments (or Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2, and shall be reduced by the amount previously paid to SFJ as set forth in this Section 14.2.6.

In the event that PB terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.2.8.2, then, if PB elects to continue development of the Product and obtains Regulatory Approval following such termination, in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB shall remain obligated to pay to SFJ any Approval Payments that become due and payable pursuant to ARTICLE 6 at such time that such payments become due and payable (if ever) pursuant to ARTICLE 6 (except to the extent of the amount of any Buy-Out Payment paid by PB pursuant to Section 6.7), provided that such Approval Payments (or Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall be (A) adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2, and (B) reduced by the amount of all documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by or on behalf of PB as a result or arising out of such violation by SFJ or any of its Representatives (including any and all amounts paid by PB as penalties or fines for such violation, in settlement of legal or administrative proceedings relating to such violation, or otherwise).

In the event of any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 14.2, then, if SFJ has not caused a Program Transfer to occur pursuant to Section 3.20:

to Section 6.7), provided that such Approval Payments (or Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2.

In the event SFJ terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.2.5, then in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB will pay SFJ within [***] of the date of termination an amount equal to three hundred percent (300%) of Development Costs paid or incurred by SFJ prior to such termination.

within [***] after assignment of the Product Filings pursuant to Section 14.3.2, SFJ shall deliver to PB: (a) true, correct and complete copies of all Product Filings in such country (in each case, whether held in the name of SFJ or any of its Affiliates),

Additionally, if PB elects to continue development of the Product and obtains Regulatory Approval following such termination, PB will remain obligated to pay any Approval Payments that become due and payable pursuant to ARTICLE 6 at such time as such payments become due and payable (if ever) pursuant to ARTICLE 6 (except to the extent of the amount of any Buy-Out Payment paid by PB pursuant to Section 6.7), provided that each Approval Payment (or the Buy-Out Payment, as applicable) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 6.2, and reduced by the amount previously paid by PB to SFJ pursuant to this Section 14.2.2.

SFJ shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, promptly assign to PB or its designee any and all Clinical Trial Agreements, CRO Agreements and other Vendor Agreements to which any of them is a party and cooperate in good faith with PB to provide appropriate notice and new contact information to the applicable Sites, Clinical Investigators, CROs and other Vendors and PB shall accept such assignment of all obligations of SFJ and its Affiliates thereunder without recourse to SFJ other than any indemnification obligations which SFJ may be liable for thereunder.

At least [***] during the Term, upon SFJ's request, Executive Officers of PB shall meet with Executive Officers of SFJ to review and discuss PB's financial condition and operations. [***].

PB shall (a) provide SFJ with quarterly unaudited financial statements and annual audited financial statements (the "PB Financial Statements") promptly following the availability thereof (and no later than the date filed with the SEC) and provide to SFJ on a quarterly basis concurrently with the applicable PB Financial Statements [***], (b) promptly notify SFJ of achieving the Successful Phase 3 Interim Analysis and the Phase 3 Success Criteria, and (c) on or prior to the end of each [***] during the Term [***].

During the Development Term, PB will conduct quality oversight inspections and audits of the manufacturing facilities for the Product in accordance with its internal policies and PB will provide SFJ with copies of such audit reports.

Each Party expressly waives and foregoes any right to consequential, punitive, special, exemplary or similar damages or lost profits.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, RELIANCE OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOST OR IMPUTED PROFITS OR ROYALTIES OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, WHETHER LIABILITY IS ASSERTED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT PRODUCTS LIABILITY), INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER THAT PARTY OR ANY REPRESENTATIVE OF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, OR OTHERWISE MIGHT HAVE ANTICIPATED THE POSSIBILITY OF, ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.

THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE LIMITATIONS SPECIFIED IN THIS SECTION 15.11 WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, "CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES" WILL BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE, AND NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OF SUCH OTHER PARTY'S AFFILIATES, REPRESENTATIVES OR STOCKHOLDERS FOR ANY DAMAGES BASED ON OR MEASURED BY LOSS OF PROJECTED OR SPECULATIVE FUTURE SALES OF THE PRODUCT, ANY PAYMENT DUE UPON ANY UNACHIEVED EVENT UNDER ARTICLE 6, OR ANY OTHER UNEARNED, SPECULATIVE OR OTHERWISE CONTINGENT PAYMENTS PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT.

In the event that SFJ terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.2.1 then in exchange for purchasing the Trial Data Package including the Research Results included therein as set forth in Section 11.1.1.4, PB will pay SFJ, within [***] of the date of termination, an amount equal to three hundred percent (300%) of Development Costs paid or incurred by SFJ prior to such termination.

Commercialization of the Product at its expense with SFJ to be named as an additional insured party.

From and after a Program Transfer, SFJ will be responsible for maintaining product liability insurance related to the Development and Commercialization of the Product at its expense with PB to be named as an additional insured party.

Commencing as of the start of the Clinical Trials and thereafter, during the Term (or longer if otherwise stated below), at a minimum, each Party will maintain the following types of insurance coverage at a minimum level that is the greater of (a) the highest minimum level required by Applicable Law in the countries in which the Clinical Trials and other obligations hereunder are being performed or (b) the following (to the extent different).

PB will obtain such Clinical Trials Liability insurance on a global basis, and, if required, supplemented Clinical Trials Liability Insurance in the US, at its expense and SFJ will obtain supplemental Clinical Trials Liability insurance for the SFJ Territory and on a country specific basis in the European Clinical Trial Countries as required by Applicable Law at its expense, which will be considered Development Costs.

Prior to a Program Transfer, PB will be responsible for maintaining product liability insurance related to the Development and

Coverage must be maintained for as long as required by Applicable Law in each country after release of the last Subject from the Clinical Trials or where there is no legal requirement at least [***] after the termination of this Agreement.

Umbrella Excess Liability: [***] dollars ($[***]) per occurrence.

Clinical Trials Liability: [***] dollars ($[***]) per occurrence.

Coverage must be maintained for at least [***] after the later of (i) expiration or early termination of this Agreement and (ii) release of the last Subject from the Clinical Trials.

Commercial General Liability: [***] dollars ($[***]) per occurrence; [***] dollars ($[***]) Product and Completed Operations aggregate, including Premises & Operations, Personal Injury, Product and Completed Operations; [***] dollars ($[***]) combined single limit on all owned, non-owned and hired vehicles of such Party.

Commencing as of the Effective Date and thereafter during the Development Term, and subject to Section 12.3.2 below, each Party will carry and maintain, at its own expense, insurance coverage of the kind and with liability limits that, at a minimum, satisfy the requirements of Section 12.3.2, to protect itself and the other Party against any claims or liabilities that may arise from the conduct of the Clinical Trials and all other rights and obligations hereunder with insurers with a minimum "A-" A.M. Best rating.

Any deductibles for such insurance policies will be assumed by the insuring Party.

Each Party will include the other Party and its Affiliates as additional insured parties on such Party's Clinical Trial Liability insurance, as set forth in Section 12.3.2.3 for [***] after the later of termination of this Agreement or release of the last Subject from the Clinical Trials.

Any subcontractor, including any Permitted Third Party, who provides professional services to such Party for the Clinical Trials, will obtain Professional Liability Insurance in lieu of Clinical Trial Insurance, with a minimum limit of [***] dollars ($[***]) per occurrence.

EXHIBIT 'B'

Customer

The Associated Press

Kubient, Inc.

Kubient

the 26th day of March 2020

February 5, 2020

During the Term and any renewal terms of the Agreement, and for a period of one (1) year following the expiration or earlier termination thereof, Customer agrees not to work with, directly or indirectly, any Third-Party that Customer comes to know through disclosure by Kubient as part of the Services, without the express written consent of Kubient and compensation to Kubient under the applicable exhibit and/or schedule.

Provided however, this provision shall not apply in the event Customer can establish, in writing, that it had a preexisting working relationship with such Third-Party prior to the Agreement and without Kubient's assistance. Customer acknowledges that this provision is reasonable and necessary for the protection of Kubient and that Kubient will be irrevocably damaged if such covenant is not specifically enforced. Customer further agrees that Kubient will be entitled to seek injunctive relief for the purpose of restraining Customer from violating this covenant (and no bond or other security shall be required in connection therewith) in addition to any other relief to which Kubient may be entitled under the Agreement.

During the Term and any renewal terms of the Agreement, and for a period of one (1) year following the expiration or earlier termination thereof, Customer shall not, without Kubient's prior written consent, directly or indirectly (i) solicit or encourage any person to leave the employment or other service of Kubient; or (ii) hire, on behalf of Customer or any other person or entity, any person who has left the employment of Kubient within the one (1) year period following the termination or end of that person's employment.

During the Term and any renewal terms of the Agreement, and for a period of one (1) year following the expiration or earlier termination thereof, Customer shall not, whether for its own account or for the account of any other person or entity, interfere with the relationship of Kubient with, or endeavor to entice away from Kubient, any person or entity who was or is a an employee or Third-Party of Kubient.

Commencing on March 1, 2020 and thereafter, the Parties shall share revenue generated from Customer's consumer offerings, including but not limited to its content, technology, traffic, data, websites, apps, videos and podcasts, without offset and regardless of which Party is responsible for securing such revenue, as per the attached Schedule 1.

Monthly Revenue* Below Threshold Above Threshold Type Threshold Customer Kubient Customer Kubient Programmatic/Display $ 300,000.00 90% 10%** 50% 50% Video $ 30,000.00 100% 0 % 50% 50% Direct Deals*** Undertone 100% 0 % 50% 50% Native**** $ 100,000.00 100% 0 % 50% 50% Data/Newsletter $ - 0 % 0 % 50% 50% Podcasts $ - 0 % 0 % 50% 50% Other $ - 0 % 0 % 50% 50%

CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

EDIETS.COM, INC.

WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

eDiets

Women.com

May 22, 2000

May 22, 2000

, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").

This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1

This agreement shall automatically renew for additional successive terms of twelve (12) months each at the end of the Initial Term ("Renewal Terms"), unless either party notifies the other in writing at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term.

This agreement shall automatically renew for additional successive terms of twelve (12) months each at the end of the Initial Term ("Renewal Terms"), unless either party notifies the other in writing at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term.

This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California as applied to agreements made, entered into and performed entirely in California by California residents, notwithstanding the actual residence of the parties, without giving effect to any choice of laws of California that would require the application of the laws of a state other than California.

During the Term, (a) Women.com will not buy, sell, display, distribute advertising from (including, but not limited to, banner ads, buttons, badges, text links, hyperlinks or editorial mentions) or otherwise promote a Competitive Company on any page of the Diet Center;

(c) Women.com will not enter into a relationship with a Competitive Company that involves any of the following; (i) custom developed mini or micro web sites; (ii) content integration; (iii) discounts offered only to Women.com members on the Member Central page of the Women.com Sites; (iv) editorial endorsement (such as

"Brought to you by....") or fixed placement of 468x60 (top) and 125x365 (side) banners within eight (8) of the Content Features selected by eDiets; and (v) anchor sponsorship in any multi-sponsor Women.com promotion.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Women.com shall be entitled to (aa) provide mini and micro web sites and Women.com promotions and sponsorships to Jenny Craig; (bb) sell, display, or distribute advertisements, including banner advertisements, newsletter placements, internet radio, commerce placements and market research, or otherwise promote Competitive Companies on pages other than the Gateway Page of the Diet Center.

For purposes of this Agreement, "Competitive Company" means any company that eDiets reasonably presents as, and Women.com reasonably agrees is, a direct competitor to eDiets by distributing on-line content principally relating to diets and diet counseling, including, but not limited to, Weight Watchers, Jenny Craig, NutriSystem, Nutrio, Asimba, DietSmart and uMagic.

During the Term, eDiets will not buy, sell, display or distribute advertising from (including, but not limited to, banner ads, buttons, badges, text links, hyperlinks or editorial mentions) or otherwise promote any Women.com Compettive Company on any page of the eDiets Site that is within two clicks from the Gateway Page of the Diet Center.

For purposes of this Agreement, "Women.com Competitive Company" means any company that Women.com reasonably presents as, and eDiets reasonably agrees is, a direct competitor to Women.com by providing an on-line portal for women, including, but not limited to, Oxygen Media and iVillage,

(b) eDiets will be the exclusive third party provider of content and interactive tools for diets and diet counseling to Women.com within the Diet Center;

During the Term,

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Women.com shall be entitled to (aa) provide mini and micro web sites and Women.com promotions and sponsorships to Jenny Craig; (bb) sell, display, or distribute advertisements, including banner advertisements, newsletter placements, internet radio, commerce placements and market research, or otherwise promote Competitive Companies on pages other than the Gateway Page of the Diet Center.

eDiets.com will have the first right to substitute any of the following content features for any of the eight (8) content features selected above once inventory on such features becomes available.

During the Term, Women.com agrees to give eDiets the right of first refusal to participate in all diet and diet-counseling related promotion opportunities created or otherwise made available by Women.com on channels or sub-channels created after the Effective Date of this Agreement, including sponsorships, anchor placements and any other content integration opportunities ("Diet Promos").

eDiets shall have fifteen (15) days from the giving of such notice to agree to participate in the applicable Diet Promo upon the terms and conditions specified in the notice by giving written notice of its agreement to Women.com.

If Women.com proposes to create and make available Diet Promos after the Effective Date, it shall give eDiets written notice of its intention, describing the terms and conditions of participation in the Diet Promos.

For purposes of this Agreement, "Change in Control" means a merger or consolidation of the party with, or any sale of all or substantially all of the assets of such party to, any other person, corporation or entity, unless as a result of such merger, consolidation or sale of assets the holders of such party's voting securities prior thereto hold at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the surviving or successor corporation after such transaction.

controlled by, under common control with, or controls a party.

Neither party may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the other party's written consent (which will not be unreasonably delayed or withheld), except that no such consent will be required in connection with an assignment or transfer of this Agreement to (a) a party's successor in connection with a Change in Control of such party, provided that such successor is not a competitor of the other party, or (b) to any entity that is

Any attempt to assign this Agreement other than as permitted above will be null and void.

Following the Initial Term, Women.com shall have the right, upon no fewer than sixty (60) days prior written notice to eDiets, to increase the amount of the Payment Schedule; provided, that (i) Women.com may not increase the Payment Schedule more than once in any period of twelve (12) consecutive months; and (ii) such increase may not exceed twenty percent (20%) of the then current Payment Schedule.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Women.com does guarantee a minimum of 13,000,000 impressions promoting eDiets per year on the Diet Center.

If Women.com does not deliver the shortfall within sixty (60) days of the end of the applicable quarter, eDiets may terminate this Agreement in its entirety immediately or authorize Women.com to deliver the shortfall within an extended number of days to be mutually agreed upon by the parties (the "Make Good Period").

During the Term, eDiets.com will be guaranteed 12 million circulation per year from and after the Effective Date via newsletters, including but not limited to:      >>  Fashion & Beauty Newsletter: 300,000 subscribers per month      >>  Food News: 180,000 subscribers per month      >>  Prevention: 1,600,000 subscribers per month      >>  Internet Scopes:  2,400,000 subscribers per month      >>  Sex & Romance: 120,000 subscribers per month      >>  What's New: 1,100,000 subscribers per month      >>  Women.com Member Newsletter: 1,700,000 subscribers per month

Guaranteed Circulation Per Year:            12,000,000

If Women.com does not deliver at least 80% of the Quarterly Impression Guarantee for Advertsing Promotions as set forth on Exhibit B (11,250,000 per quarter; 45,000,000 per year); 80% of the Quarterly Impression Guarantee for the Diet Center Logo as set forth on Exhibit B (3,250,000 per quarter; 13,000,000 per year); and 80% of the Quarterly Impression Guarantee for Other Campaigns as set forth on Exhibit B (3,000,000 per quarter; 12,000,000 per year) each quarter following the Launch Date, within sixty (60) days of the end of the applicable quarter, Women.com shall deliver an amount equal to the under-delivery within the same campaign elements, including newsletters, promotions, exclusive sponsorships, targeted rotations, ROS, channel and sub-channel center logo placements, or mutually agreed upon comparable elements.

eDiets hereby grants to Women.com, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a non-exclusive, nontransferable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, reproduce and display the editorial content and other data, branding and other identification provided by eDiets to Women.com in connection with this Agreement (the "eDiets Content") on the Women.com Sites: (i) for publication in the Diet Center and elsewhere throughout the Women.com Sites; (ii) for the promotion of eDiets and the Diet Center on the Women.com Sites and in collateral advertising materials; and (iii) for such other purposes as are consistent with or otherwise authorized under this Agreement.

Women.com hereby grants eDiets a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free worldwide right and license without the right to sublicense to use the Women.com Marks during the Term solely in connection with (i) the fulfillment of eDiets' obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) in advertising and marketing collateral related to this Agreement.

eDiets hereby grants Women.com a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free worldwide right and license without the right to sublicense to use the eDiets Marks during the Term solely in connection with (i) the fulfillment of Women.com's obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) in advertising and marketing collateral related to this Agreement.

eDiets hereby grants to Women.com, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a non-exclusive, nontransferable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, reproduce and display the editorial content and other data, branding and other identification provided by eDiets to Women.com in connection with this Agreement (the "eDiets Content") on the Women.com Sites: (i) for publication in the Diet Center and elsewhere throughout the Women.com Sites; (ii) for the promotion of eDiets and the Diet Center on the Women.com Sites and in collateral advertising materials; and (iii) for such other purposes as are consistent with or otherwise authorized under this Agreement.

Women.com hereby grants eDiets a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free worldwide right and license without the right to sublicense to use the Women.com Marks during the Term solely in connection with (i) the fulfillment of eDiets' obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) in advertising and marketing collateral related to this Agreement

eDiets hereby grants Women.com a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free worldwide right and license without the right to sublicense to use the eDiets Marks during the Term solely in connection with (i) the fulfillment of Women.com's obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) in advertising and marketing collateral related to this Agreement.

THE LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE INAPPLICABLE TO EACH PARTY'S CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY AS SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 2.6 AND 13.

EXCEPT FOR BREACHES OF SECTION 11 OR BREACHES OF ANY LICENSE GRANT SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNEW, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

EXCEPT FOR BREACHES OF SECTION 11 OR BREACHES OF ANY LICENSE GRANT SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNEW, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

Each party agrees that the sole and exclusive remedy for a breach of the warranties set forth in this Section 12 shall be the indemnification set forth in Section 13 below.

At no time during the term of the Agreement or thereafter shall Women.com attack, challenge or file any application with respect to any eDiets Mark.

At no time during the term of the Agreement or thereafter shall eDiets attack, challenge or file any application with respect to any Women.com Mark.

Women.com acknowledges that eDiets owns all right, title and interest in and to the eDiets Content, and Women.com shall not now or in the future contest the validity of the eDiets' ownership rights in and to the eDiets Content.

JOINT DEVELOPMENT AND MARKETING AGREEMENT

each a "Party"" and together "Parties"

Oak Ridge

OAK RIDGE ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES INC

LECLANCH S.A.

Leclanch

April 6, 2014

April 6, 2014

Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swiss law.

Where Oak Ridge has identified a specific market opportunity which has been qualified together with Leclanch pursuant to 5.3 above, the Parties shall undertake to work exclusively with each other on such opportunities;

Otherwise there is no exclusivity expressed or implied by either Party.

Both Parties agree that during the Term of this Agreement and for a period of two (2) years following the termination, both Parties will not (i) solicit, encourage, or take any other action, which is intended, directly or indirectly, to induce any employee to terminate his or her employment with a Party; or (ii) interfere in any manner with the contractual or employment relationship between the Parties and any their employees.

Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:

or in case of a change of control of one of the Parties;

Neither Party may assign, delegate, or transfer this Agreement or any of its rights or duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other Party.

Any attempted assignment or delegation in violation of this section shall be void.

Where appropriate and to the extent required, each party undertakes to grant a royalty free license to the other Party solely for the design and development of product(s) under this Agreement.

If the Agreement is terminated, the Parties shall endeavour to ensure that assets contributed by each Party shall, so far as possible, be transferred back to that Party.

Oak Ridge shall arrange product liability and warranty insurance.

Product License Schedule

Software License, Customization and Maintenance Agreement

Bank of America, N.A.

Cardlytics,

Bank of America

Supplier

The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.

Thereafter, the Maintenance Term shall automatically renew for successive period, 12 months, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement unless Bank of America terminates Maintenance Services pursuant to this Agreement.

Bank of America may terminate Maintenance Services for convenience at any time in accordance with the Section entitled "Termination" of the Agreement.

120 days

No-charge Maintenance Services shall be provided from the Delivery Date through the Warranty Period.

WARRANTY PERIOD DURATION

CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

Tom Holding

Skype, Online BVI and the Company may be referred to individually as "Party" and collectively as "Parties." Skype, Online BVI, the Company, Skype Holding and Tom Holding may be referred to individually as "party to this Agreement" and collectively as "parties to this Agreement."

TOM Online (BVI) Limited

Tel-Online Limited

Online BVI

Skype

Skype Holding

Company

Skype Technologies, S.A.

Skype Communications, S.A.

TOM Online Inc.

22nd day of August 2005

22nd day of August 2005

The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").

This Agreement shall automatically continue following the Initial Term, for an additional period of three (3) years, unless a party to this Agreement provides written notice of termination to the other parties at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or this Agreement ("Extended Term" and, with the Initial Term, "Term").

This Agreement shall automatically continue following the Initial Term, for an additional period of three (3) years, unless a party to this Agreement provides written notice of termination to the other parties at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or this Agreement ("Extended Term" and, with the Initial Term, "Term").

This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, without regard to conflict of laws principles.

The Company will, and Online BVI will cause the Company to, use its commercially reasonable efforts to make available and promote the Online Group's existing payment processing and customer billing and payment gateway methods for the purchase of Skype premium features by Company-Skype Branded Customers, including, without limitation, prepaid card distribution networks, vouchers and mobile payment methods, provided, that all payment processing and customer billing and payment gateway charges for such payment methods are on terms that are as or more favourable than the most favourable pricing and terms for such services otherwise provided at the applicable time by any member of the Online Group, and provided further that such pricing and terms have first been mutually approved in writing by the Parties.

Each Party agrees that, from the Effective Date and through the three (3) month period ("Enterprise Non-Competition Period") immediately following the date ("Enterprise Launch Date") that Skype launches an enterprise version of the Skype Software primarily targeted for non-Consumer customers ("Enterprise Skype Software"), no Party, nor any of their respective Subsidiaries, will (i) discuss, negotiate or enter into (whether verbal or in writing) with any third Person or other third party ("Other Party") any understanding, arrangement, or memorandum of understanding, letter of intent, agreement or any other documents (whether or not legally binding); and/or (ii) voluntarily accept or solicit any offer made by any Other Party in respect of or in relation to, (a) in the case of Skype, an enterprise co-branded Internet-based application in simplified Chinese that is focused on, and targeted primarily at, non-Consumers within the PRC, and that is substantially similar in functionality and features as the Enterprise Skype Software, and (b) in the case of Online BVI, Tom Holding and the Company, any voice over internet protocol and/or instant messaging products or services that compete or are likely to compete with the Enterprise Skype Software

Notwithstanding any portion of the foregoing to the contrary, the Non-Competition Period shall terminate prior to the End Date, and for the avoidance of doubt, no party shall be obligated to comply with the restrictions set out in Section 8.1 after the termination of the Non-Competition Period:

Each Party agrees that, for a period of five years ("Non-Competition Period") from the Effective Date ("End Date"), no Party, nor any of their respective Affiliates, will enter into an agreement with any third party, or otherwise carry on any business, directly or indirectly, which is focused on, and targets, primarily Consumers within the PRC, and (i) in the case of Skype and Skype Holding, which provides for a co-branded Internet-based application in simplified Chinese similar in functionality and features as the Company-Skype Branded Application (as may be updated or upgraded from time to time) (and for the avoidance of doubt, a co-branded Internet-based application in simplified Chinese shall be similar in functionality and features as the Company-Skype Branded Application only in the event such application is a customized co-branded version of the Skype Software having one or more functionality or features contained in the Company-Skype Branded Application), or provides for distribution in the PRC of the Skype Software in simplified Chinese by a Primarily PRC Based Service Provider; and (ii) in the case of Online BVI, Tom Holding and the Company, which provides for any voice over internet protocol and/or instant messaging products or services that compete or are likely to compete with the Skype Software.

In the case of Skype and its Affiliates, the foregoing restrictions shall not apply:

8.2.1 (a) (i) for the avoidance of doubt, to the operations of Skype as existing now or hereafter undertaken with respect to any non co- branded version of the Skype Software distributed by Skype except where those operations provide for distribution in the PRC of the Skype Software in simplified Chinese by a Primarily PRC Based Service Provider, or (ii) the operations of Skype customers and Affiliates under any agreement existing as of the date hereof (e.g., with HGC), or (b) to any agreement now existing or hereafter entered into with an entity that operates in multiple international markets, which may include the PRC, so long as such agreement applies to multiple territories, which may include the PRC in addition to other territories, and does not, directly or indirectly, allow or provide for distribution in the PRC of the Skype Software in simplified Chinese by a Primarily PRC Based Service Provider (other than any service provider formed for the sole purpose of performing such agreement and not operating in the PRC prior to the date of such agreement), or (c) to any (i) Affiliate Program or (ii) any agreement or activity under the Affiliate Program by or with any third party, except in the case where the Affiliate Program, directly or indirectly, allows or provides for distribution in the PRC of the Skype Software in simplified Chinese by a Primarily PRC Based Service Provider (other than any service provider formed for the sole purpose of performing such agreement and not operating in the PRC prior to the date of such agreement); or

8.2.2 with respect to the provisions of Section 8.1.2, during any period following the expiration of the Enterprise Non-Competition Period.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Skype or Skype Holding may assign this Agreement to a third party without such consent in the event of a merger, reorganization or sale of all or substantially all of Skype's or Skype Holding's assets or voting securities, provided that written notice of such assignment is delivered to Online BVI and the Company and the assignee assumes all the responsibilities and obligations provided herein.

This Agreement may not be assigned by a party to this Agreement to any other Person without the express written approval of the other parties to this Agreement and any attempt at assignment in violation of this section shall be null and void.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the prior written approval of Online BVI, which approval may be withheld in its sole discretion, the Company shall be permitted to sublicense its rights hereunder to a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company or a majority-owned Subsidiary of Tom Holding, for the same purpose and under the same terms and conditions as the license set forth herein.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Online BVI shall be entitled to receive 50% of all Adjusted Net Revenue, in lieu of the Company's right to be paid hereunder, in the event that (A) this Agreement remains in effect, (B) Online BVI assumes the obligations of the Company hereunder, and (C) (i) the Deed is terminated pursuant to the terms thereof, or (ii)) the Company is being or has been wound up, liquidated or dissolved. Unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties in writing, the Company and Online BVI shall provide for, or make available, the payment methods, fraud prevention mechanisms, and other services related to the receipt of payments in connection with SkypeOut, SkypeIn or Skype Plus services provided through the Company-Skype Branded Application or Company-Skype Branded Web Site ("Payment Services"), in each case as shall be previously approved in writing by Skype, which approval may be withheld in its sole discretion.

The respective Parties shall use their best efforts to accompany each respective Statement with payment, to Skype, if provided by the Company or Online BVI (or their associated third parties set forth above), or to the Company (or Online BVI, as applicable), if provided by Skype (or its associated third parties set forth above), as applicable, of 50% of the Adjusted Net Revenue shown on the respective Statements.

In consideration of the licenses and other agreements set forth herein, Skype shall be entitled to receive 50% of all Adjusted Net Revenue, and the Company shall be entitled to receive 50% of all Adjusted Net Revenue

if such rights comprise any data specifically provided to the Group by Customers during the billing process ("Billing Data"), then such rights shall be owned exclusively by the Online Group and neither Skype nor the Company will grant, nor claim for itself or its affiliated entities, independent contractors, or employees, either expressly or impliedly, any rights, title, interest, or licenses to such rights and each assigns to Online BVI, with full title guarantee, all copyrights, patents, trade marks, service marks, rights of publicity, authors' rights, contract and licensing rights, goodwill and all other intellectual property rights in and to the same as may exist now and/or hereafter come into existence and arising under the laws of any jurisdiction for the entire term of such rights and all renewals, revivals and extensions thereof.

The Company and Online BVI each assign to Skype, with full title guarantee, all copyrights, patents, trade marks, service marks, rights of publicity, authors' rights, contract and licensing rights, goodwill and all other intellectual property rights in and to the foregoing translations as may exist now and/or hereafter come into existence and arising under the laws of any jurisdiction for the entire term of such rights and all renewals, revivals and extensions thereof.

if such rights comprise (i) intellectual property that constitutes predominantly communication software or related communication hardware or other technology, including without limitation, any upgrades and Improvements thereof, or (ii) any "user" names, and other "user profile" information included within the Company-Skype Branded Application (i.e., dates of birth, addresses, languages spoken, etc.), of Company-Skype Branded Customers collected as part of the registration process for the Company-Skype Branded Application (it being understood that Skype will make such user information available to Online BVI and the Company for use consistent with the applicable privacy policies and the EULA) and any database incorporating the same, then such rights shall be owned exclusively by Skype and neither Online BVI nor the Company will grant, nor claim for itself or its affiliated entities, independent contractors, or employees, either expressly or impliedly, any rights, title, interest, or licenses to such rights and each assigns to Skype, with full title guarantee, all copyrights, patents, trade marks, service marks, rights of publicity, authors' rights, contract and licensing rights, goodwill and all other intellectual property rights in and to the same as may exist now and/or hereafter come into existence and arising under the laws of any jurisdiction for the entire term of such rights and all renewals, revivals and extensions thereof.

The right, title and interest in and to the Company-Skype Branded Content shall be owned by Skype to the extent made up of the Skype Rights which have been integrated into the Company-Skype Branded Content, and by the Online Group to the extent made up of the Group Rights which have been integrated into the Company-Skype Branded Content.

if such rights comprise (i) analysis prepared for or on behalf of the Parties as participants in the Company-Skype Branded Application, or (ii) any intellectual property right co-developed by the Parties, or (iii) of any Support Information, or (iv) any data as specifically provided to Skype or the Online Group by Company-Skype Branded Customers ("Joint Data"), other than that set forth in Sections 4.2.3.2.1 and 4.2.3.2.2 above and other than any Group Rights or Skype Rights, then such rights shall be jointly owned by the Parties, and may be exploited by any Party in accordance with this Agreement, and outside of this Agreement to the extent such exploitation would not, (x) in the case of Online BVI, violate or infringe upon the Skype Rights, (y) in the case of Skype, violate or infringe upon the Group Rights, or (z) in the case of the Company, violate or infringe upon the Group Rights or the Skype Rights.

Skype hereby grants to Online BVI and the Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable (except as set forth herein), non-transferable, non-assignable (except as provided in Section 14.4), royalty-free (but subject to the provisions of Section 5), license during the Term to use, market, provide access to, promote, reproduce and display the Skype Intellectual Property solely (i) as incorporated in the Company-Skype Branded Application and/or the Company-Skype Toolbar, and (ii) as incorporated in, for the development of, and for transmission pursuant to this Agreement of, the Company-Skype Branded Content and the Company-Skype Branded Web Site, in each case for the sole purposes (unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties) of promoting and distributing, pursuant to this Agreement, the Company-Skype Branded Application, the Company-Skype Toolbar, the Company-Skype Branded Content and the Company-Skype Branded Web Site in the Territory; (a) provided, that it is understood that the Company-Skype Branded Customers will have the right under the EULA to use the Company- Skype Branded Application and the Company-Skype Toolbar and will have the right to access the Company-Skype Branded Content, the Company-Skype Branded Web Site and the Online BVI Web Site through the Internet and to otherwise receive support from the Company anywhere in the world, and that the Company shall be permitted to provide access to and reproduce and display the Skype Intellectual Property through the Internet anywhere in the world, and (b) provided further, that Online BVI and the Company shall ensure that no Company-Skype Branded Customer (or potential Company-Skype Branded Customer) shall be permitted to access, using the Company-Skype Branded Application or the Company-Skype Toolbar or through the Company-Skype Branded Web Site, any Skype premium features requiring payment by the Company-Skype Branded Customer (or potential Company-Skype Branded Customer), including, but not limited to, SkypeIn, SkypeOut, or Skype Plus, unless such Company-Skype Branded Customer (or potential Company-Skype Branded Customer) uses the payment methods made available by the Company pursuant to Section 2.5 for the purchase of such premium features.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Online BVI hereby grants to Skype and the Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable (except as set forth herein), non-transferable, non-assignable (except as provided in Section 14.4), royalty- free (but subject to the provisions of Section 5), license during the Term to use, market, provide access to, promote, reproduce and display the Online BVI Intellectual Property solely as incorporated in, and for the development of and for transmission pursuant to this Agreement of the Company-Skype Branded Application, the Company-Skype Branded Content and the Company-Skype Branded Web Site.

Skype hereby grants to Online BVI and the Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable (except as set forth herein), non-transferable, non-assignable (except as provided in Section 14.4), royalty-free (but subject to the provisions of Section 5), license during the Term to use, market, provide access to, promote, reproduce and display the Skype Intellectual Property solely (i) as incorporated in the Company-Skype Branded Application and/or the Company-Skype Toolbar, and (ii) as incorporated in, for the development of, and for transmission pursuant to this Agreement of, the Company-Skype Branded Content and the Company-Skype Branded Web Site, in each case for the sole purposes (unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties) of promoting and distributing, pursuant to this Agreement, the Company-Skype Branded Application, the Company-Skype Toolbar, the Company-Skype Branded Content and the Company-Skype Branded Web Site in the Territory; (a) provided, that it is understood that the Company-Skype Branded Customers will have the right under the EULA to use the Company- Skype Branded Application and the Company-Skype Toolbar and will have the right to access the Company-Skype Branded Content, the Company-Skype Branded Web Site and the Online BVI Web Site through the Internet and to otherwise receive support from the Company anywhere in the world, and that the Company shall be permitted to provide access to and reproduce and display the Skype Intellectual Property through the Internet anywhere in the world, and (b) provided further, that Online BVI and the Company shall ensure that no Company-Skype Branded Customer (or potential Company-Skype Branded Customer) shall be permitted to access, using the Company-Skype Branded Application or the Company-Skype Toolbar or through the Company-Skype Branded Web Site, any Skype premium features requiring payment by the Company-Skype Branded Customer (or potential Company-Skype Branded Customer), including, but not limited to, SkypeIn, SkypeOut, or Skype Plus, unless such Company-Skype Branded Customer (or potential Company-Skype Branded Customer) uses the payment methods made available by the Company pursuant to Section 2.5 for the purchase of such premium features.

Except as provided herein, no member of the Online Group or the Group may in any manner (i) modify the Skype Software, Skype Toolbar, Company-Skype Toolbar and/or Company-Skype Branded Application or any Improvement thereof; (ii) distribute, sell, transfer, encumber, sublicense, rent, loan, lend or lease the Skype Software and/or the Skype Toolbar, and/or any component thereof to any third party; or

(ii) distribute, sell, transfer, encumber, sublicense, rent, loan, lend or lease any Online BVI Intellectual Property, and/or any component thereof to any third party.

Except as provided herein, no member of the Skype Group or the Group may in any manner

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Online BVI hereby grants to Skype and the Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable (except as set forth herein), non-transferable, non-assignable (except as provided in Section 14.4), royalty- free (but subject to the provisions of Section 5), license during the Term to use, market, provide access to, promote, reproduce and display the Online BVI Intellectual Property solely as incorporated in, and for the development of and for transmission pursuant to this Agreement of the Company-Skype Branded Application, the Company-Skype Branded Content and the Company-Skype Branded Web Site.

Skype further agrees that in the event that, prior to such time as the Company-Skype Branded Application is updated or upgraded to include the Mobile Technology, Skype or any of its Affiliates makes available to Skype users a new software product which allows access to services available through the Skype Software but on or through mobile communication devices (but in any event excluding Skype Zones), it will license that software product to the Company and Online BVI on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement with respect to the Skype Software and the Company-Skype Branded Application customized therefrom, and references to the Skype Software in this Agreement shall be deemed to include such software product.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the prior written approval of Skype, which approval may be withheld in its sole discretion, the Company shall be permitted to sublicense its rights hereunder to a wholly-owned Subsidiary, a majority-owned Subsidiary of Tom Holding, or to an unaffiliated third party distributor or reseller, for the same purpose and under the same terms and conditions as the license set forth herein.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the prior written approval of Online BVI, which approval may be withheld in its sole discretion, the Company shall be permitted to sublicense its rights hereunder to a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company or a majority-owned Subsidiary of Tom Holding, for the same purpose and under the same terms and conditions as the license set forth herein.

The Parties (including Online BVI on behalf of the Online Group) agree to maintain records (i) of all information reasonably necessary to verify all calculations to be made under Section 8.3.2, and (ii) supporting, verifying and necessary to demonstrate the calculation and collection of fees and/or revenue, as well as any deductions thereto, and payments made hereunder, including, without limitation, budgets, purchase orders, expense records, invoices, correspondence, banking and financial and other records pertaining to the determination of Gross Revenue, Direct Expenses and Adjusted Net Revenue, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of two (2) years following the expiration or termination hereof.

The Parties agree that notwithstanding any termination or expiration of this Agreement, the rights and licenses granted to any Company- Skype Branded Customers prior to termination or expiration of this Agreement pursuant to any EULA shall continue during the 24 months after such termination or expiration for the sole purpose of permitting such users to continue to access and utilize the Company-Skype Branded Application and the Company-Skype Toolbar, and so long as any Gross Revenue is received with respect to the Company-Skype Branded Application and/or the Company-Skype Toolbar, the provisions of Section 5 shall continue to be applicable after any termination or expiration.

Each Party shall (i) immediately stop displaying, featuring, linking or in any other manner using the Company-Skype Branded Application (provided in the case of Skype, other than the Skype Software in the Company-Skype Branded Application), Company-Skype Toolbar, Company-Skype Branded Web Site, Company-Skype Branded Content, any co-branded materials or any other Intellectual Property of the other Parties (including, without limitation, Intellectual Property deemed to be owned by the other Parties under Section 4.2.3.2); (ii) return such materials directly to the other Parties, or delete and overwrite any electronically stored copies of such materials within thirty (30) days from the date of termination of this Agreement; (iii) within such thirty (30) day period, deliver to the other Parties a certificate duly executed by its authorised officer certifying its compliance with the foregoing, and (iv) provide the other Parties with such information and access to data and databases as may be necessary to permit such other Parties to fulfil any contractual obligations by them to users of the Company-Skype Branded Application undertaken by such other Parties prior to the time of termination.

The exercise by any Party in whole or in part, at any time of the right to inspect and/or audit records and accounts or of any other right herein granted, or the acceptance by such Party of any statement or statements or the receipt and/or deposit by such Party, of any payment tendered by or on behalf of an audited Party shall be without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the accepting Party and such acceptance, receipt and/or deposit shall not preclude or prevent such accepting Party from thereafter disputing the accuracy of any such statement or payment.

Not more than once per calendar quarter, each Party or its independent auditor (who shall be a certified public accountant) shall have the right, on not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior notice and not during the first twenty (20) days after the close of any fiscal quarter of the other Parties, or within sixty (60) day of the close of such Parties' respective fiscal years, to audit the books of account and records of any and all such Parties. Such audit shall be conducted at the premises where the audited Party maintains consolidated books of account; provided however, that the auditing Party may conduct all or any part of such audit at any of the audited Party's premises where any relevant books of account and/or records are located

Each Party shall cause any Subsidiary or other Affiliate (including, without limitation, a Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Online Group or Skype Group, as applicable) to grant to the other Party the audit rights granted hereunder with respect to such other Party.

Such audits shall be at the auditing Party's cost, except that, subject to Section 5.5, if an audit by an independent accounting firm establishes a deficiency of more than three percent (3%) between the amount shown to be due to the auditing Party and the amount actually paid for the period being audited, all actual and reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the auditing Party in connection with such audit shall be paid by the audited Party, along with the amount of any deficiency, within five (5) business days.

During such audits, the auditing Party shall have the right to take extracts and/or make copies of the audited Party's records as it deems necessary

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT FOR THE WILFUL MISAPPROPRIATION OR INFRINGEMENT OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OF A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13, (A) THE LIABILITY OF ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT, IF ANY, FOR DAMAGES FOR ANY CLAIM OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL THEORY, WITH REGARD TO THE RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER OR THE SERVICES PERFORMED HEREUNDER, SHALL NOT INCLUDE COMPENSATION, REIMBURSEMENT OR DAMAGES ON ACCOUNT OF THE LOSS OF PRESENT OR PROSPECTIVE PROFITS, EXPENDITURES, DATA, OPPORTUNITY, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, INVESTMENTS OR COMMITMENTS, WHETHER MADE IN ESTABLISHMENT, DEVELOPMENT OR MAINTENANCE OF REPUTATION OR GOODWILL OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON WHATSOEVER; AND (B) IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 12.2 SHALL LIMIT A PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO PAY ANY AMOUNTS DUE AND OWING TO THE OTHER PARTY UNDER SECTION 5 ON OR BEFORE ANY DATE OF EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION HEREOF.

THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 13.5 STATE THE ENTIRE LIABILITY AND THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO INFRINGEMENT OR ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT FOR THE WILFUL MISAPPROPRIATION OR INFRINGEMENT OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OF A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13, (A) THE LIABILITY OF ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT, IF ANY, FOR DAMAGES FOR ANY CLAIM OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL THEORY, WITH REGARD TO THE RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER OR THE SERVICES PERFORMED HEREUNDER, SHALL NOT INCLUDE COMPENSATION, REIMBURSEMENT OR DAMAGES ON ACCOUNT OF THE LOSS OF PRESENT OR PROSPECTIVE PROFITS, EXPENDITURES, DATA, OPPORTUNITY, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, INVESTMENTS OR COMMITMENTS, WHETHER MADE IN ESTABLISHMENT, DEVELOPMENT OR MAINTENANCE OF REPUTATION OR GOODWILL OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON WHATSOEVER; AND (B) IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT

CERES

INSTITUTE OF GRASSLAND AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH

CERES, INC.

IGER

1st day of April, 2007 (

1st day of April, 2007 (

The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following  provisions of this Article:

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States of  America, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

If IGER receives an exclusive license from Defra rather  than an assignment of rights, the following will apply.

18.1 To the extent the license grant to CERES on IGER BACKGROUND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY in Article 5.3.2 relates to IGER  BACKGROUND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY that constitutes Intellectual Property to which rights vest in Defra or the Crown or the Secretary  of State, the word "license" will be read as "sublicense" and all other terms of such Article will remain unchanged.

18.2 To the extent that IGER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY or JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY created in a RESEARCH PROJECT  constitutes or includes Intellectual Property to which rights vest in Defra or the Crown or the Secretary of State, any conveyance or grant of  rights or licenses by IGER to CERES in this Agreement with respect to such IGER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY or JOINT INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY, will be read as the grant of an exclusive sublicense under IGER's exclusive license from Defra.

(b)   the exclusive right and license to use, sell and commercially exploit the COMMERCIAL PROPAGULES of the LICENSED VARIETY in  the TERRITORY.

The Parties acknowledge that Defra is expected to assign or license exclusively to IGER any rights in Intellectual Property which would vest in  Defra or the Crown or the Secretary of State pursuant to the DEFRA agreement NF 0426.

Subject to Articles 5.1 and 5.2, IGER grants CERES an exclusive, world-wide license, with the right to grant sublicenses, to use and exploit  commercially (a) IGER's interest in any JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (including but not limited to RELEASED VARIETIES) and OTHER  RESEARCH RESULTS; (b) IGER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY and (c) when and only to the extent necessary for the commercialization or use of  JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY and/or OTHER RESEARCH RESULTS and/or IGER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY for the  COLLABORATION CROPS, IGER BACKGROUND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, subject to paying IGER reasonable remuneration (whether as  a royalty or in some other form as the Parties may agree) to be negotiated in good faith.

In consideration of CERES' development of new markets for the COLLABORATION CROPS and the significant activities associated with the  development of this market, IGER agrees to grant CERES exclusive access to IGER's plant improvement activities specifically involving the  COLLABORATION CROPS, whether through plant breeding, transformation, propagation methods or otherwise, subject however to the  exceptions expressly set forth in this Agreement.

IGER hereby grants CERES under IGER'S interest in any JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY and OTHER RESEARCH RESULTS, the IGER  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY set forth in ANNEX I, and the IGER BACKGROUND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY set forth in ANNEX I:

  (a)   the exclusive right and license to produce COMMERCIAL PROPAGULES of the LICENSED VARIETY in the TERRITORY, including  intermediate propagation material; and

IGER will not collaborate with or perform any activities for the benefit of or grant any rights to any not-for-profit third party with respect  to GERMPLASM IMPROVEMENT of COLLABORATION CROPS without the prior written consent of CERES.

IGER will not collaborate with or perform any activities for the benefit of or grant any rights to any for-profit third party in the field of the  COLLABORATION CROPS without the prior written consent of CERES.

CERES will not unreasonably withhold its consent for collaborations with small companies (less than fifty (50) employees including  world-wide affiliates) established in the United Kingdom ("UK COMPANIES"), with respect to research programs involving  COLLABORATION CROPS in the field of environmental impact, carbon sequestration, climate change mitigation, agronomy, or  compositional or conversion analysis, provided that (i) IGER will receive the exclusive right (subject to Articles 5.1.2(a) and 5.2) to use and  exploit commercially the results of such research programs for GERMPLASM IMPROVEMENT (as defined hereinafter) of the  COLLABORATION CROPS, (ii) CERES will have access to the results of such research programs to the extent allowed by the relevant  agreement between IGER and the third party and IGER will use reasonable efforts to obtain such right for CERES, and (iii) there is no  conflict with CERES' commercial interests.

IGER will have the right to make available germplasm of CERTAIN MISCANTHUS ACCESSIONS to third parties for  research purposes (including breeding), subject to the terms and conditions under which IGER holds such accessions.

obtained by third parties in such collaborative research programs or breeding activities.

CERES will not  unreasonably withhold its consent for research programs with respect to GERMPLASM IMPROVEMENT of COLLABORATION CROPS  with academic institutions in the European Union under United Kingdom government or European Union funding, provided that (i) IGER  will have the exclusive right to use and exploit commercially the results of such research programs obtained by IGER, (ii) no  COLLABORATION CROP germplasm will be made available by IGER to any third party for selection, breeding or propagation work, or for  genetic transformation of such germplasm, except that IGER may make available germplasm of CERTAIN MISCANTHUS ACCESSIONS  for research purposes (including breeding), subject to the terms and conditions under which IGER holds such accessions, and (iii) if  requested by CERES, IGER will use reasonable efforts to obtain commercialization rights for CERES on results

if IGER would enter into any agreement (or amendment of an existing agreement including without limitation EXISTING AGREEMENTS)  after the Effective Date with a not-for-profit third party with respect to research in the field of environmental impact, carbon sequestration,  climate change mitigation, agronomy, or compositional or conversion analysis relating to COLLABORATION CROPS, such agreement  must provide that (i) IGER will receive the exclusive right (subject to Articles 5.1.2(a) and 5.2) to use and exploit commercially the results  obtained pursuant to such agreement for GERMPLASM IMPROVEMENT of COLLABORATION CROPS and (ii) CERES will have access  to the results of such research programs to the extent allowed by the relevant agreement between IGER and the third party and IGER will  use reasonable efforts to obtain such right for CERES.

Notwithstanding Article 9.3., [CERES/IGER] will have the right to terminate this Agreement including the Program at any time with  [three (3)] months' prior written notice.

If CERES exercises its option to commercialize under Article 3.3, CERES and IGER shall negotiate the terms of a commercialization  agreement that covers the reported result with reference to any commercialization agreement then in existence between the Parties or the model  license agreement or remuneration principles included herein (as applicable).

CERES is hereby granted a first option, to be exercised by written notice within thirty (30) days from         CERES-IGER Collaboration Agreement

IGER's aforementioned written report or such other time period as the Parties may agree to be granted the same right as set forth in Article 5.3 to  commercialize any results of such activities.

CERES shall have the first option to pursue such protection in its best judgment in the joint names of both Parties.

If CERES declines to exercise the option under Article 3.3 or fails to respond within thirty (30) days of IGER's notice under Article 3.3, then  IGER shall then be free to commercially exploit the results or offer rights in such results to third parties in any and all crops.

[CERES/IGER] has the right to assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party.

This Agreement binds and enures to the benefit of the Parties, their successor or assigns, but may not be assigned by either Party without the  prior written consent of the other Party; provided however, CERES shall have the right to assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to  any Affiliated Company without such prior consent.

This Agreement binds and enures to the benefit of the Parties, their successor or assigns, but may not be assigned by either  Party without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided however, CERES shall have the right to assign its rights and obligations under  this Agreement to any AFFILIATED COMPANY without such prior consent.

Each Party shall have the right to assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to a  third party in conjunction with the transfer to such third party of substantially all of the assets of such Party associated with performance under  this Agreement without such prior consent.

[CERES/IGER] has concluded this Agreement with [Party] in view of [Party]'s specific qualifications and  [Party] shall not have the right to assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement nor to sub-contract any part of the  Program activities to any third party, except with the prior written approval of [CERES/IGER].

In addition to the royalty provided in Article 4.2, CERES agrees to pay a royalty on NET SALES of the LICENSED VARIETY equal to the  royalty due, on the basis of the Convention on Biological Diversity, by IGER to the country or countries where the material on which the  LICENSED VARIETY is based has been collected, up to a maximum of [***] percent ([***]%) of NET SALES, and an equivalent additional royalty  on LICENSE INCOME to be determined.

Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, IGER shall pay royalties to CERES under its non-exclusive right set forth in Article 5.2.1 at a rate  equal to one half of the royalty rate in CERES' exclusive license agreement for the same RELEASED VARIETY, and CERES shall pay royalties at  the same rate to IGER for sales by CERES, its AFFILIATED COMPANIES or licensees in the United Kingdom.

The Parties acknowledge that Defra is expected to assign or license exclusively to IGER any rights in Intellectual Property which would vest in  Defra or the Crown or the Secretary of State pursuant to the DEFRA agreement NF 0426.

In case [Party] has made or contributed to any invention forming part of the  Results, [Party] shall promptly inform [CERES/IGER] thereof in writing and shall assign its rights and cause its employees and staff  members to assign their rights in any such invention to [CERES/IGER].

The ADMINISTERING PARTY shall keep the non-administering Party advised as to all developments with respect to all patent and plant  variety rights application(s) and issued patents and plant variety rights covering jointly owned JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, which  includes supplying copies of all papers received and filed in connection with such applications and patents in sufficient time for the non- administering Party to comment thereon.

Each Party will notify the other Party, in writing ("INVENTION NOTICE"), within thirty (30) days of reduction to practice or knowledge of  conception or discovery of JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, and each INVENTION NOTICE will describe the JOINT INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY with sufficient specificity to allow assessment by the other Party.

"JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean (a) all patentable inventions conceived, discovered, developed and/or reduced to practice (i)  jointly by one or more employees, agents, or students of CERES and by one or more employees, agents, or students of IGER in the performance of  any RESEARCH PROJECT(S) or (ii) by one or more employees, agents or students of IGER in the performance of any RESEARCH PROJECT(S) to  the extent CERES provides a financial contribution for such RESEARCH PROJECT, which is not less than twenty-five percent (25%) of either the  overall cost of such RESEARCH PROJECT or of the activity during which the invention was made, unless expressly provided otherwise in a  SCHEDULE; (b) patents, patent applications, plant variety rights, plant variety right applications, reissues, continuations, continuations-in-part  and divisionals claiming such patentable inventions in any country of the world; (c) all trade secrets and copyrighted works created jointly by one  or more employees, agents, or students of CERES and by one or more employees, agents, or students of IGER in the performance of any  RESEARCH PROJECT(S); and (d) all germplasm and plant varieties created in the performance of plant breeding activities in the performance of  any RESEARCH PROJECT(S).

CERES and IGER shall have an undivided interest in JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Consequently, any and all patent applications or  plant variety rights applications that cover JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY shall be assigned jointly to CERES and IGER as soon as  practicable.

CERES and IGER shall use reasonable efforts to avoid any action that might jeopardize the ability of the Parties, individually or jointly as the  case may be, to obtain or retain valid/enforceable intellectual rights in JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, IGER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY or  CERES INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY is not covered by any relevant license/commercialization agreement between the Parties.

Subject to Articles 5.1 and 5.2, the Parties acknowledge and agree that CERES shall have the exclusive right, with the right to grant  sublicenses to this right, to use and commercially exploit JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (including but not limited to RELEASED  VARIETIES) and OTHER RESEARCH RESULTS for any and all uses and fields, including, but not limited to, use in the COLLABORATION  CROPS and crops other than the COLLABORATION CROPS.

(b)   the exclusive right and license to use, sell and commercially exploit the COMMERCIAL PROPAGULES of the LICENSED VARIETY in  the TERRITORY.

Through the express grant of such rights in any SCHEDULE, CERES may grant IGER the right to use CERES INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  to the extent required for, and for the sole purpose of, the performance by IGER (or its SUBCONTRACTORS) of RESEARCH PROJECTS.  SCHEDULES may specify that similar rights are granted with respect to defined elements of CERES BACKGROUND INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY.

Subject to Articles 5.1 and 5.2, IGER grants CERES an exclusive, world-wide license, with the right to grant sublicenses, to use and exploit  commercially (a) IGER's interest in any JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (including but not limited to RELEASED VARIETIES) and OTHER  RESEARCH RESULTS; (b) IGER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY and (c) when and only to the extent necessary for the commercialization or use of  JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY and/or OTHER RESEARCH RESULTS and/or IGER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY for the  COLLABORATION CROPS, IGER BACKGROUND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, subject to paying IGER reasonable remuneration (whether as  a royalty or in some other form as the Parties may agree) to be negotiated in good faith.

IGER hereby grants CERES under IGER'S interest in any JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY and OTHER RESEARCH RESULTS, the IGER  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY set forth in ANNEX I, and the IGER BACKGROUND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY set forth in ANNEX I:

  (a)   the exclusive right and license to produce COMMERCIAL PROPAGULES of the LICENSED VARIETY in the TERRITORY, including  intermediate propagation material; and

If CERES informs IGER in writing that CERES is planning to commercialize the LICENSED VARIETY in all  or part of the COUNTRY, directly or indirectly (whether or not through the third party identified by IGER), and CERES has not taken reasonable  steps towards the implementation of such commercialization within two (2) years after so informing IGER, unless CERES informs IGER of  REASONABLE GROUNDS for its failure or delay

In case of termination on the basis of Article 14.1 (b) if IGER is the breaching Party, Article 14.1 (c) if IGER ceases substantially all  activities in the COLLABORATION CROPS, Article 14.1 (e) (i) or (ii) or Article 14.1 (f), subject to the obligations of the first sentence of Article  14.3, CERES shall have the exclusive right to use and commercially exploit any JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY to the extent such JOINT

IGER shall have the right to use JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY and OTHER RESEARCH RESULTS (a) for the purpose of the  implementation of RESEARCH PROJECTS; (b) subject to Article 3 and CERES' prior written approval, for internal research purposes and  research under United Kingdom government or European Union funding in collaboration with academic institutions in the European Union,  provided that CERES' approval may be conditional upon (i) CERES receiving the exclusive right (subject to Articles 5.1.2(a) and 5.2) to use and  exploit commercially the results of such research in COLLABORATION CROPS, (ii) adequate safeguards to prevent unauthorized use or  disclosure of JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, OTHER RESEARCH RESULTS or results directly or indirectly based on any of the foregoing  and (iii) CERES reviewing and approving the terms and conditions of any agreement governing such research activities.

to implement commercialization plans, IGER will be granted a non-exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses to test, produce and sell the  LICENSED VARIETY in the COUNTRY.

If the Parties fail to reach agreement within ninety (90) days after the start of such negotiations, which shall be evidenced by  written notice from one Party to the other initiating such negotiations, each Party shall have the non-exclusive right to use and commercially  exploit JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY for any and all purposes, with the right to grant sublicenses, subject to the obligations of the first  sentence of Article 14.3, provided that no licenses on any transgenes or transgenic technologies of the other Party shall be included or implied.

If the commercial exploitation of a RELEASED VARIETY in the United Kingdom by IGER requires a license on CERES INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY or BACKGROUND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY of CERES, CERES shall negotiate in good faith with IGER or a designee of IGER  about the grant of such a license, provided however that CERES shall have no obligation to grant any license on transgenes or transgenic  technologies.

Upon termination of the Program, [Party] will, at the option of [CERES/IGER], (i) allow [CERES/IGER] to remove any Plant Material  and any progeny, plants, plant material, seeds or products obtained in the Program or (ii) destroy any remaining CERES/IGER Plant  Material and any plants, plant material and seeds obtained under the Program within fifteen (15) days from [CERES/IGER]'s request to  destroy, and will send [CERES/IGER] forthwith an attestation of such destruction.

In case of termination on the basis of Article 14.1 (b) if CERES is the breaching Party, Article 14.1 (c) if CERES ceases substantially all  activities in the COLLABORATION CROPS, Article 14.1 (d) (i), (ii) or (iii) or Article 14.1. (e) (iii), at or about the effective date of termination, the  Parties will negotiate in good faith to reach agreement as to the rights to use and commercially exploit JOINT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY not  covered by any relevant license/commercialization agreement between the Parties, which rights will be addressed in one or more written  agreements.

At or about the effective  date of termination, the Parties will negotiate in good faith to reach agreement as to reasonable remuneration (whether as a royalty or in some  other form as the Parties may agree), which will be addressed in one or more written agreements.

The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall continue to apply to the activities and outcomes  of any such RESEARCH PROJECTS, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement, unless provided otherwise in the relevant SCHEDULE or  by written agreement of the Parties upon termination.

PROJECT.

Each Party will comply with any reasonable safety and security measures which may be imposed by the other Party when visiting such  other Party's location.

CERES shall allow an independent auditor, reasonably acceptable to CERES, appointed by and paid for by IGER to inspect the records of  CERES and any AFFILIATED COMPANY pertaining to the LICENSED VARIETY for the exclusive purpose of verifying the accuracy of the  reports provided.

All such records shall be subject to inspection by an independent auditor designated by CERES and reasonably  acceptable to IGER within normal business hours with at least fourteen (14) days notice.

Each Party will have the  right, upon reasonable notice to the other Party, to visit any location where RESEARCH PROJECT activities are conducted for the purposes of  evaluating RESEARCH PROJECT progress and outcomes, and particularly to make observations of any plants in growth chambers, greenhouses  or fields that are a part of a RESEARCH

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY  SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS OF PROFIT ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF ANY JOINT  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, CERES INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, IGER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, OTHER RESEARCH RESULTS OR  BACKGROUND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY SCHEDULE OR ARISING OUT OF THE  IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY IS ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES OR LOSS OF PROFIT ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS COVERED BY THIS  AGREEMENT, OR THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY IS ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY  OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Neither Party shall be liable for indirect, special, remote, incidental or consequential damages or loss of profit in connection with this  Agreement or its implementation.

SUPPLY AGREEMENT

HOVIONE INTER AG

HOVIONE

INTERSECT

OVIONE and INTERSECT are each sometimes referred to herein as a "Party" and together as the "Parties."

INTERSECT ENT, Inc.

20t h day of January, 2020

20t h day of January, 2020

Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.

This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States, notwithstanding any conflict of law provisions to the contrary.

In the case that either company is acquired by, or merges with, another company which has reason to not wish to continue the relationship, that company may make a contract buyout payment [*] for the [*], with a [*] buyout payment amount of [*].

Neither this Agreement nor any interest herein may be assigned, in whole or in part, by either party without the prior written consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that either party may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement: (a) to an affiliate, division or subsidiary of such party; and/or (b) to any third party that acquires all or substantially all of the stock or assets of such party, whether by asset sale, stock sale, merger or otherwise, and, in any such event such assignee shall assume the transferring party's obligations hereunder.

Within thirty (30) calendar days of the arrival of each lot of API at the manufacturing facility designated by INTERSECT, INTERSECT shall inspect and test each lot of API at its own cost and expense.

FURTHER AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE TOTAL LIABILITY PER YEAR OF HOVIONE SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE VALUE OF THE REVENUES COLLECTED IN THE PREVIOUS CONTRACTUAL YEAR.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY.

In the case that either company is acquired by, or merges with, another company which has reason to not wish to continue the relationship, that company may make a contract buyout payment [*] for the [*], with a [*] buyout payment amount of [*].

If, upon inspecting and testing the API, INTERSECT determines that a lot of API does not conform to the Product Specifications, then INTERSECT shall, within such thirty (30) day period, give HOVIONE written notice of such non-conformity (setting forth the details of such non-conformity):Unless HOVIONE objects, within 20 working days from the notice by INTERSECT, to the non-conformity INTERSECT will return the non-conforming API to HOVIONE. A

During the term of this Agreement and for a period [*] after any expiration or termination of this Agreement, each of INTERSECT and HOVIONE shall maintain in full force and effect a comprehensive general liability insurance policy, including Products Liability coverage, with minimum limits of [*] for bodily injury including death.

JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT

AFSL

Transphorm, Inc.

FSL

Aizu Fujitsu Semiconductor Limited

TPH

Japan, Fujitsu Semiconductor Limited

collectively referred to as the "Parties" and individually, a "Party"

23rd day of May, 2017

"Effective Date" means the date that the Initial Closing occurs.

The English text of this Agreement shall control any interpretation of its provisions, and this Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties and the Company shall in all respects be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with the laws of Japan.

Upon FSL's or AFSL's exercise of the Put Option, TPH-A shall be obliged to purchase or cause TPH-A's designees to purchase, and TPH shall be obliged to cause TPH-A or TPH-A's designees to purchase, the Put Shares in accordance with this Section 9.1. For the avoidance of doubt, the Put Option is the right of AFSL/FSL, and AFSL/FSL is not obliged to exercise the Put Option.

If, after the Effective Date, FSL or AFSL shall have materially breached any of its representations or warranties contained in this Agreement or shall have failed to comply in any material respect with any of the other covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure shall not have been remedied within thirty (30) days after the Default Notice has been given by TPH-A to FSL/AFSL, then TPH-A shall have the option of purchasing from AFSL, and AFSL shall be obligated to sell, all of the Shares then owned by AFSL at a purchase price per Share equal to the lesser of: (i) the Net Book Value as of the most recent month end (provided that, if the Net Book Value is a negative amount, the product of the Net Book Value multiplied by such Sale Shares shall be deemed to be one Japanese Yen (1)), or (ii) the Shares Purchase Price, divided by the number of Sale Shares. TPH-A shall provide the Election Notice to purchase the Shares owned by AFSL within ten (10) Business Days following the expiration of the thirty (30) day cure period set forth in the Default Notice. The closing of the purchase of the Shares owned by AFSL shall take place within thirty (30) Business Days following the date of the Election Notice, or at such other time as the Parties may mutually agree. At such closing, TPH-A shall deliver to AFSL, by wire transfer, the full amount of the purchase price in Japanese Yen for such Shares as provided in this Section 7.5.2 against delivery by AFSL of the following: (a) a sale agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to TPH-A containing among other things, a representation and warranty of AFSL that it is, and TPH-A shall be, the beneficial owner of such Shares, with good title thereto, free and clear of all liens and other encumbrances; (b) documentary evidence reasonably satisfactory to TPH-A of the transfer to it of all of AFSL's Shares and (c) resignations of all Directors, if any, on the Board appointed by AFSL. Notwithstanding the remedies provided in this Section 7.5.2, TPH/TPH-A shall be entitled to all other remedies against FSL/AFSL available at law or equity or under this Agreement.

As longs as TPH-A and TPH are not in material and continuing breach of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements, TPH-A or TPH may trigger the option to purchase the Call Shares (the "Call Option") by providing a written notice of the exercise of the Call Option (the "Call Exercise Notice") simultaneously to the Company, FSL and AFSL, which notice states (i) such Party's bona fide intention to exercise the Call Option, and (ii) the date on which such Party intends that the Call Closing Date occur.

AFSL and TPH-A shall cause the Board to approve the share transfer of the Put Shares on or prior to the Put Closing Date.

Each Party's obligation to complete the Put Option or Call Option at the Put Closing Date or Call Closing Date, as applicable, is subject to the fulfillment on or before such Put Closing Date or Call Closing Date of each of the following conditions, unless waived in writing (where permissible) by the applicable party in such closing:

Upon TPH-A's or TPH's exercise of the Call Option, AFSL/FSL shall be obliged to sell, or cause the holder of the Call Shares to sell, the Call Shares to TPH-A or its designee in accordance with this Section 9.2. For the avoidance of doubt, the Call Option is the right of TPH-A and TPH-A is not obliged to exercise the Call Option.

AFSL and TPH-A shall cause the Board to approve the share transfer of the Call Shares on or prior to the Call Closing Date.

At TPH's sole option, TPH or TPH-A may purchase the GaN Equipment by completion of payment of the purchase price or depreciation cost for such equipment as set forth in Appendix 2.

TPH-A and TPH may not exercise the Call Option prior to the Option Starting Date nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the Option Starting Date.

TPH or TPH-A may not exercise the Call Option for less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Shares held by both FSL and AFSL or any Affiliate of FSL or AFSL, as the case may be.

Completion of the sale and purchase of the Put Shares pursuant to the exercise of the Put Option by AFSL/FSL shall take place on the date specified in the Put Exercise Notice (which shall be a date after at least sixty (60) days from the date of the Put Exercise Notice) (the "Put Closing Date") and on which date:

(i) TPH-A shall, or shall cause its designees to, and TPH shall cause TPH-A or TPH-A's designees to, pay to AFSL the Put Option Price for the Put Shares by way of a bank transfer to the bank account as separately designated by AFSL; and

(ii) in exchange for which, AFSL shall deliver to TPH-A or its designees duly executed a letter of request to enter in the shareholder register of the Company the information that is required to be registered with regard to the Put Shares; and

FSL or AFSL may not exercise the Put Option for less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Shares held by both FSL and AFSL or any Affiliate of FSL or AFSL, as the case may be.

If, after the Effective Date, TPH or TPH-A shall have materially breached any of its representations or warranties contained in this Agreement or shall have failed to comply in any material respect with any of the other covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure shall not have been remedied within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof (the "Default Notice") has been given by AFSL to TPH/TPH-A, then AFSL shall have the option of purchasing from TPH-A, and TPH-A shall be obligated to sell, all of the Shares then owned by TPH-A at a purchase price per Share equal to the lesser of: (i) the Net Book Value as of the most recent month end (provided that, if the Net Book Value is a negative amount, the product of the Net Book Value multiplied by such Sale Shares shall be deemed to be one Japanese Yen (1)), or (ii) the Shares Purchase Price, divided by the number of Sale Shares. AFSL shall provide written notice of its election (the "Election Notice") to purchase the Shares owned by TPH-A within ten (10) Business Days following the expiration of the thirty (30) day cure period set forth in the Default Notice. The closing of the purchase of the Shares owned by TPH-A

As longs as AFSL and FSL are not in material and continuing breach of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements, FSL or AFSL may trigger the option to sell the Put Shares to TPH-A or its designee (the "Put Option") by providing a written notice of the exercise of the Put Option (the "Put Exercise Notice") simultaneously to the Company, TPH and TPH-A, which notice states (i) such Party's bona fide intention to exercise the Put Option, and (ii) the date on which such Party intends that the Put Closing Date occur.

FSL and AFSL may not exercise the Put Option prior to the Option Starting Date nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the Option Starting Date.

The purchase price for the Call Shares (the "Call Option Price") shall be the greater of (x) the amount in Japanese Yen equal to the Net Book Value as of the most recently completed month end prior to the Call Closing Date, minus the Net Book Value as of the most recently completed month end prior to the Effective Date, multiplied by the number of Call Shares, or (y) one Japanese Yen (1).

The purchase price for the Put Shares (the "Put Option Price") shall be the greater of (x) the amount in Japanese Yen equal to the Net Book Value as of the most recently completed month end prior to the Put Closing Date, minus the Net Book Value as of the most recently completed month end prior to the Effective Date, multiplied by the number of Put Shares, or (y) one Japanese Yen (1).

Completion of the sale and purchase of the Call Shares pursuant to the exercise of the Call Option by TPH- A/TPH shall take place on the date specified in the Call Exercise Notice (which shall be a date after at least sixty (60) days from the date of the Call Exercise Notice) (the "Call Closing Date") and on which date:

(i) TPH-A shall, or shall cause its designees to, and TPH shall cause TPH-A or TPH-A's designees to, pay to AFSL the Call Option Price for the Call Shares by way of a bank transfer to the bank account as separately designated by AFSL; and

(ii) in exchange for which, AFSL shall deliver to TPH-A or its designees duly executed a letter of request to enter in the shareholder register of the Company the information that is required to be registered with regard to the Call Shares.

shall take place within thirty (30) Business Days following the date of the Election Notice, or at such other time as the Parties may mutually agree. At such closing, AFSL shall deliver to TPH-A, by wire transfer, the full amount of the purchase price in Japanese Yen for such Shares as provided in this Section 7.5.1 against delivery by TPH-A of the following: (a) a sale agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to AFSL containing among other things, a representation and warranty of TPH-A that it is, and AFSL shall be, the beneficial owner of such Shares, with good title thereto, free and clear of all liens and other encumbrances; (b) documentary evidence reasonably satisfactory to AFSL of the transfer to it of all of TPH-A's Shares and (c) resignations of all Directors, if any, on the Board appointed by TPH-A. Notwithstanding the remedies provided in this Section 7.5.1, AFSL/FSL shall be entitled to all other remedies against TPH/TPH-A available at law or equity or under this Agreement.

(v) By FSL/AFSL and TPH/TPH-A, if there is a change in the Control of the other and the acquiring/succeeding entity causing such change in the Control is an entity that may be reasonably believed to be objectionable to the Japanese Government and/or FSL including FSL's Affiliates in case of the termination by FSL/AFSL or the US Government and/or TPH in case of the termination by TPH/TPH-A, termination to be effective upon thirty (30) days' notice of termination.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no rights, obligations or liabilities hereunder shall be assignable by a Party without prior written consent of all of the other Parties; provided, however, that a Party shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to the assignment of rights and obligations by the other Parties to its Affiliate if that Affiliate's performance has been guaranteed satisfactorily in form and substance by the assigning Party.

In such case: (i) TPH-A or TPH, as the case may be, shall acquire sole and exclusive title to the GaN Equipment, free and clear of all Encumbrances, and none of FSL, AFSL or the Company shall have any right, title or interest in such GaN Equipment, (ii) such GaN Equipment shall be clearly labeled as the property of TPH-A or TPH, as the case may be, and (iii) FSL and AFSL shall cause to be assigned to TPH-A or TPH, as the case may be, all licenses and warranties for such GaN Equipment and the software or firmware required to operate such GaN Equipment that are attached to, installed on, or embodied in such GaN Equipment as of the Effective Date.

In case it is necessary for AFSL/FSL to access to any materials or information of the Company prepared or otherwise made on or before the Put Closing Date or the Call Closing Date due to requirement by any Governmental Authority or any third party on or after the Put Closing Date or the Call Closing Date, then, TPH/TPH-A shall fully cooperate, and shall cause the Company to fully cooperate, with AFSL/FSL so that AFSL/FSL can access such materials or information.

In addition to any inspection rights granted under Law, upon notice to the Company of at least twenty-four (24) hours, each Party shall have full access to all properties, books of account, and records of the Company.

VIDEO-ON-DEMAND CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

Licensor

EuroMedia Holdings Corp.

Rogers Cable Communications Inc.

Rogers

July 11 , 2006

July 11 , 2006

The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.

At Rogers' option, this Agreement shall renew for a subsequent term of two (2) years on the terms and conditions herein (the "Renewal Term").

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, at the expiry of this Agreement following the Initial Term or the Renewal Term (if any), as applicable, Licensor and Rogers have not executed a new agreement governing the VOD distribution and exhibition of Licensed Programs and Rogers (or its permitted assigns) continues to distribute and exhibit Licensed Programs on the ROD Service following such expiry, such continued distribution and exhibition shall be governed by the terms of this Agreement in effect at the time of expiry, except that each of Licensor and Rogers shall have the right, on sixty (60) days' prior written notice, to terminate this Agreement, as so extended.

This Agreement is subject to all laws, regulations, license conditions and decisions of the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ("CRTC") municipal, provincial and federal governments or other authorities which are applicable to Rogers and/or Licensor, and which are now in force or hereafter adopted ("Applicable Law").

This Agreement shall be governed by laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.

In the event that Licensor grants to another VOD or Pay-Per-View ("PPV") service provider in the U.S. or the Territory the right to distribute or exhibit any Licensed Program on an earlier availability date, then Licensor shall also grant to Rogers the right to distribute and exhibit such Licensed Program on such earlier availability date, on the terms provided herein.

If Licensor enters, or has entered, into an agreement or series of agreements (including side letters, understandings or arrangements, whether oral or written, whether formal or informal, whether now or hereafter effective, or whether on a long-term basis or short-term basis) with a third party for the distribution and exhibition of Licensed Programs in the U.S. or the Territory on a VOD basis, or any other basis that permits the downloading of such Licensed Programs and the subsequent viewing of such Licensed Programs by a residential subscriber, on terms (including, without limitation, license fees, copyright royalty payments, encoding fees and obligations, and marketing support) that are more favourable than those contained in this Agreement, then Rogers has the right to incorporate, or substitute, as the case may be, such term or terms into this Agreement, effective as of the date on which such term or terms were accorded to the third party and for the balance of the period such term or terms are applicable to such third party.

Licensor shall provide to Rogers, no later than February 28 in each year, a sworn statement of a senior officer of Licensor, or a certificate of the auditors of Licensor, confirming that, during the immediately preceding calendar year, Licensor did not enter into such an agreement or series of agreements or, if it did enter into such agreement(s), confirming the effective date thereof and identifying the terms contained therein that are more favourable than those contained in this Agreement.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Rogers may terminate this Agreement, at any time, upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice to Licensor.

Any purported assignment, sale, or transfer in contravention of this Section shall be null and void.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Rogers may, without consent, assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement in whole or in part to: (i) a person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Rogers; or (ii) a purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets used in connection with the ROD Service. A change of control of Rogers shall not be considered an assignment of this Agreement.

This Agreement may not be assigned, sold or transferred without the prior written consent of the other party.

For so long as Rogers is required by Applicable Law to pay copyright royalties relating to Licensed Programs hereunder, Licensor shall reimburse Rogers for 50% of any such royalties actually paid by Rogers, calculated on a rolling basis during the Term and payable monthly.

In consideration for various services and activities that Rogers performs for the benefit of Licensor during the Term, Licensor agrees to pay to Rogers an amount which shall be equal to ten (10)% of License Fees, calculated on a rolling basis during the Term and payable monthly.

Rogers shall pay to Licensor a fee (the "License Fee"), which shall be equal to fifty (50)% of Retail Revenues.

For so long as Rogers is required by Applicable Law to contribute a percentage of its gross annual revenues from the ROD Service to an independently-administered Canadian program production fund, Licensor shall reimburse Rogers for 50% of the amount required to be remitted to such production fund by Rogers in respect of the exhibition of Licensed Programs (the "Production Fund Commitment").

Licensor shall make available to Rogers, on a free trial basis and at no cost to Rogers, not less than ten (10) Licensed Programs at all times during the Term (each, a "Promotional Program") for distribution and exhibition on the ROD Service to promote the Licensed Programs and the ROD Service.

Licensor grants to Rogers the non-exclusive license and right to distribute and exhibit in Canada (the "Territory") all entertainment programming to which Licensor owns or controls the VOD distribution and exhibition rights in the Territory (collectively, "Licensed Programs") to residential subscribers of Rogers' digital cable television service on a Video-on-Demand ("VOD") basis.

During the Term, Rogers shall have the non-exclusive right to distribute and exhibit each Licensed Program on a VOD basis for a period of ninety (90) consecutive days, or such longer period as may be agreed to by Rogers and Licensor (the "License Period").

Multiple viewings of the Licensed Program shall be permitted during the Viewing Period for no additional fee and all such viewings shall be considered a single exhibition of the Licensed Program for the purposes of calculating License Fees hereunder.

During the Term, and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, Rogers (and its representatives) shall have the right, upon reasonable prior written notice to Licensor, and during regular business hours, to inspect and/or audit Licensor's books and records to confirm compliance with Licensor's obligations under this Section.

Except with respect to any claim or liability arising from an infringement of any third party intellectual property right, in no event shall either party be liable for any special, indirect, consequential, punitive or incidental damages of any kind.

Except with respect to any claim or liability arising from an infringement of any third party intellectual property right, in no event shall either party be liable for any special, indirect, consequential, punitive or incidental damages of any kind

Manufacturing Agreement

Sonos, Inc.

Inventec Appliances Corporation

IAC

Sonos

September 4, 2014

September 4, 2014

Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.

This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional successive one (1) year periods, unless written notice of non-renewal is received no later than six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then current term.

This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional successive one (1) year periods, unless written notice of non-renewal is received no later than six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then current term.

This Agreement shall be governed by the law of California, U.S.A. and the arbitrators shall apply California law to the merits of any dispute or claim, without reference to conflict of law principles.

Unless otherwise instructed by Sonos in writing, IAC is not authorized at any time to sell Custom Components to any third party or IAC Affiliate.

Either Party may terminate this Agreement hereunder for any reason at its convenience upon one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice.

Any attempted assignment or delegation in violation of this section by either party without the prior written consent of the other will be void.

No party may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder, either in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other party, other than an assignment by Sonos or IAC of its rights and obligations hereunder to a wholly-owned subsidiary.

Before engaging any IAC Subcontractor, IAC shall first notify and get written approval from Sonos for the use of such IAC Subcontractor.

Any Product Customizations made by IAC or an IAC Subcontractor shall be on a "work for hire" (using the meaning given to such term under United States copyright law) basis to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein shall be owned solely by Sonos.

may arise through the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

Except for preexisting IAC Property and any third party's Intellectual Property, IAC shall and does hereby irrevocably assign, and shall and does cause IAC Affiliates and IAC Subcontractors to irrevocably assign, to Sonos all of IAC's, IAC Affiliates' or IAC Subcontractors' worldwide right title and interest in and to the Sonos Property , if any, whether developed solely by Sonos or jointly between Sonos or a Sonos Affiliate and IAC, an IAC Affiliate, or an IAC Subcontractor, that

In addition, IAC shall secure any and all Intellectual Property Rights that may pertain to the Sonos Products that are created by such IAC Subcontractor, and hereby transfers and assigns all such Intellectual Property Rights

IAC shall cooperate fully with Sonos and execute such further instruments, documents and agreements and give such further written assurances, as may be reasonably requested by Sonos, at Sonos' expense, to perfect the foregoing assignment and obtain and enforce assigned Intellectual Property Rights.

Subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sonos hereby grants to IAC and its Affiliates a non- exclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, royalty-free right and license to make copies of the software specified in the applicable Statement of Work solely as necessary to install and embed such software in the Product. I

Sonos hereby authorizes IAC to use and to cause its Affiliates to use, the Marks as specified by Sonos on the Products and relevant documents solely for the purpose of this Agreement.

Sonos hereby authorizes IAC to use and to cause its Affiliates to use, the Marks as specified by Sonos on the Products and relevant documents solely for the purpose of this Agreement

Subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sonos hereby grants to IAC and its Affiliates a non-exclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, royalty free right and license under Sonos' Intellectual Property Rights, to manufacture the Products solely for Sonos.

Subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sonos hereby grants to IAC and its Affiliates a non- exclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, royalty-free right and license to make copies of the software specified in the applicable Statement of Work solely as necessary to install and embed such software in the Product.

Subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sonos hereby grants to IAC and its Affiliates a non-exclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, royalty free right and license under Sonos' Intellectual Property Rights, to manufacture the Products solely for Sonos.

Subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sonos hereby grants to IAC and its Affiliates a non- exclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, royalty-free right and license to make copies of the software specified in the applicable Statement of Work solely as necessary to install and embed such software in the Product.

Subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sonos hereby grants to IAC and its Affiliates a non-exclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, royalty free right and license under Sonos' Intellectual Property Rights, to manufacture the Products solely for Sonos.

In the event that such transfer is the result of a termination notice pursuant to 15.2, 15.3 or 15.4 and such transfer is not completed by the termination date pursuant to 15.2, 15.3 or 15.4, the parties shall, acting reasonably and in good faith, agree to continue to cooperate fully to effect the transfer and extend the Term of this Agreement on such appropriate terms as the parties may agree for one or more ninety (90) day periods (the succession of which must be notified to IAC in writing within thirty (30) days of the expiration of the first ninety (90) day period and within the same timeframe for each period thereafter), until such time as the transfer is completed.

If a termination notice is delivered pursuant to 15.2, 15.3, 15.4 or if Sonos decides to transfer the manufacturing of a Product from IAC during the Term of the Agreement, IAC shall cooperate fully with Sonos to effect the transfer of the manufacturing of the Products (without any obligation that IAC transfers IAC Property from IAC to Sonos, or a third party designated by Sonos, in order to help minimize any potential disruption in the continuity of supply. I

Prior to payment under this section, Sonos may audit all relevant documents to ensure that actual losses reasonably approximating the Purchase Order cancellation or Rolling Forecast quantity reduction charge have been suffered by IAC as the result of the cancellation or quantity reduction.

Any such audit will be conducted in a manner that does not unreasonably interfere with IAC's business activities.

No more than once per year during the Term, Sonos shall have the right, [*], to examine and audit IAC's books and records related to Sonos [*]. I

Inspections shall be conducted at a reasonable time and during normal hours of operation.

Such inspections and audits by Sonos or a Sonos authorized audit firm will be limited to [*], except for any case of an identified quality issue whereby Sonos will have the right to inspect IAC's facility and to review applicable documentation and processes at any time, provided Sonos provides IAC with written notice [*] in advance of the Sonos inspection.

If such an inspection is requested, IAC will reasonably furnish all relevant supporting documentation to verify compliance with its stated manufacturing and quality processes.

Subject to the prior written approval of IAC's vendor or IAC Subcontractor, Sonos or its representatives may also inspect such vendor or subcontractor.

conformance as related to Products at any time during the term of this Agreement

Sonos reserves the right to inspect any Sonos Tools in IAC's control at any time, provided it gives IAC at least forty-eight (48) hours advance notice.

Upon [*] prior written notice from Sonos, Sonos or its representatives will have the right to inspect and audit, at Sonos' expense, IAC's factory, purchasing processes, manufacturing processes, quality program, physical inventory count and supporting documentation, including reports, quality test data and training documents and certificates of

EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A VIOLATION OF SECTION 3 (OWNERSHIP; GRANT OF RIGHTS: TRADEMARKS USAGE), OR FOR EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 11 (INDEMNITY), OR BREACH OF SECTION 12 (CONFIDENTIALITY), UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER UNDER ANY CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT.

EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A VIOLATION OF SECTION 3 (OWNERSHIP; GRANT OF RIGHTS: TRADEMARKS USAGE), OR FOR EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 11 (INDEMNITY), OR BREACH OF SECTION 12 (CONFIDENTIALITY), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY'S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY SONOS FOR THE PRODUCTS IN THE [*] PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY. THIS SECTION DOES NOT LIMIT EITHER PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, OR DAMAGE TO TANGIBLE PROPERTY.

EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A VIOLATION OF SECTION 3 (OWNERSHIP; GRANT OF RIGHTS: TRADEMARKS USAGE), OR FOR EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 11 (INDEMNITY), OR BREACH OF SECTION 12 (CONFIDENTIALITY), UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER UNDER ANY CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT.

EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A VIOLATION OF SECTION 3 (OWNERSHIP; GRANT OF RIGHTS: TRADEMARKS USAGE), OR FOR EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 11 (INDEMNITY), OR BREACH OF SECTION 12 (CONFIDENTIALITY), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY'S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY SONOS FOR THE PRODUCTS IN THE [*] PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY. THIS SECTION DOES NOT LIMIT EITHER PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, OR DAMAGE TO TANGIBLE PROPERTY.

In such case, Sonos' sole liability shall be limited to payment of the amount due under this Agreement, all the Component(s) procured by IAC, and any finished and work-in-process Products provided such Components and Products liabilities were incurred in compliance with this Agreement.

In any event, the maximum Sonos liability for such cancellation or reduction will be limited to [*], provided that [*].

IAC hereby represents and warrants that for a period of [*] after the Manufacturing Date (the "Warranty Period"), a Product Unit will be free from defects in manufacturing process and defects in workmanship, will conform to general expectations of performance of wireless audio products and will conform to the Statement of Work for the applicable Product.

Pursuant to Exhibit E, IAC shall provide the RMA and repair services to Sonos upon request for a minimum of [*] from the date on which Sonos discontinues the sale of any Product on the terms and conditions set forth therein.

[*] will have insurance policies with reputable insurers to provide coverage and amounts that secure its obligations and potential liabilities under this Agreement.

After this Agreement expires or terminates, [*] will either have an active policy or purchase an extended reporting period that has coverage for claims first made and reported to the insurer within 2 years after this Agreement expires or terminates

[*] is responsible for all premiums, deductibles and retentions for such insurance.

At no time shall IAC challenge or assist others to challenge the Sonos Marks, or registrations thereof, or attempt to register any trademarks, service marks, trade names or other marks confusingly similar to the Sonos Marks.

PROMOTION AGREEMENT

ASHWORTH, INC.

Nantz Communications

JAMES W. NANTZ III

Company

NANTZ COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

Ashworth

Nantz

June 1, 1998

June 1, 1998

Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence      effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years      expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").

This Agreement and its formation, operation and performance      shall be governed, construed, performed, and enforced in accordance with      the laws of the State of California.

The Company acknowledges that Nantz Communications' and      Nantz's obligations to CBS or any other television station or network with      which Nantz Communications or Nantz has a contract or arrangement shall      take precedence over any other commitments of Nantz Communications or Nantz      under this Agreement.

Except as otherwise provided herein, and subject to the      Restrictions, Nantz Communications agrees that such Products may      prominently bear the Company's logo and shall not bear any other logos.

During the Term, neither Nantz Communications nor Nantz shall enter into





any activity, employment, independent contract, or other business arrangement which conflicts with Nantz Communications' or Nantz's obligations under this Agreement or perform any service which reasonably appears to be an endorsement of the sportswear apparel, hats and shoes of a third party without the Company's prior written approval.

Nantz Communications and Nantz expressly agree that the Endorsement will not be granted to anyone other than the Company for use during the Term in connection with the advertisement and promotion of sportswear apparel, hats and shoes.

Notwithstanding the foregoing Nantz shall be permitted to wear a Lynx hat or clothing logo when performing promotional services for Lynx and to use Lynx equipment when performing any promotional services for the Company in which equipment will be used.

after Nantz Communications has received notice of such merger or consolidation if and only if, by virtue of such merger or consolidation Nantz Communications or Nantz would be in default under or violating any provisions of any agreement to which he or it is subject entered into prior to June 1, 1994.

In the event of the merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, Nantz Communications shall have the right to terminate the Agreement by so notifying the Company in writing on or before sixty (60) days

Accordingly, except as otherwise expressly provided below, neither Nantz Communications nor Nantz shall assign any of their respective rights or delegate any of their respective duties or obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of the Company.

The rights granted the Company hereunder shall be used only by it and shall not, without the prior written consent of Nantz Communications or Nantz, be transferred or assigned to





any other.

As consideration for the rights granted and the services      to be rendered hereunder, the Company hereby grants to Nantz options (the      "Options"), to purchase shares of the common stock of the Company par value      $.001 per share (the "Share"), which are exercisable as follows:

Nantz agrees to be available      for up to four photography sessions (2  in Southern California during the      week and 2 to be at Nantz's site locations or tournaments), two speaking      engagements, and three store appearances each Contract Year, at times and      places mutually convenient for Nantz and the Company but in no event at      times which adversely impact on the schedules of Nantz Communications or      Nantz.

The Company agrees that each photography session shall not      exceed one and one-half days and each speaking engagement and store      appearance shall not exceed one-half day.

Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Nantz      Communications grants to the Company the Endorsement throughout the world      during the Term in connection with the advertisement, promotion and sale by      the Company of Ashworth Products except in connection with Premium      Programs.

The Company agrees to provide and maintain, at its own expense, advertising and product liability insurance each with limits no less than $5,000,000 and within thirty (30) days from the date hereof, the Company will submit to Nantz Communications a fully paid policy or certificate of insurance naming Nantz Communications and Nantz as insured parties, requiring that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify such without written notice to Nantz Communications at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof.

The Company further agrees to provide and maintain, at its own expense, a policy of Directors and Officers Insurance with limits no less than $25,000,000 and within thirty (30) days from the date hereof, the Company will submit to Nantz Communications a fully paid policy or certificate of insurance naming Nantz as an insured party, requiring that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify such without written notice to Nantz Communications at least twenty (20) days in advance hereof

STRATEGIC' ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (

Lightbridge Corporation

Lloyds Register FNMA

Lloyds

Lightbridge

16 day of August. 2012

16 day of August. 2012

This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.

The terms of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England.

This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.

No Party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

CLIENT

BOSCH

BOSCH INTERNATIONAL, LLC

BOSCH TECHNOLOGIES, LLC

1st day of December, 2015

BOSCH hereby grants CLIENT the "Exclusive Distribution License Rights" sell and distribute the Products within the "Territory".

Bosch hereby grants to Client the exclusive rights to sell and distribute the Product, subject to the Territory as set forth below, to certain select companies in the Automotive Industry, each of which shall be approved by Bosch in writing as requested by the Client on a case by case basis.

BOSCH hereby grants CLIENT the "Exclusive Distribution License Rights" sell and distribute the Products within the "Territory".

EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Distributor

IMRS OPERATIONS INC.

Developer

Delteq Pte Ltd

d/b/a IMRS INC.

April 15, 1994

This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Either party may cancel this Agreement effective on the last day of the Initial Term, or

any Renewal Term, by serving written notice of such termination on the other party at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term as the case may be.

This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Either party may cancel this Agreement effective on the last day of the Initial Term, or

any Renewal Term, by serving written notice of such termination on the other party at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term as the case may be.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut, U.S.A. without regard to its conflict of taws provision.

During the term of this Agreement and for a period of two (2) years after the termination hereof for any reason, Distributor will not market, or attempt to market, a computer program which competes in any way with the Products in the areas of consolidation, financial information, financial transaction processing, reporting, data collection, or modeling, including but not limited to the use of personal computers, nor which competes with any modification, alteration or enhancement to the Products which is developed during the term of this Agreement.

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Developer hereby grants to Distributor an exclusive, non-transferable fight and license to market and distribute the Products in the Territory.

if this Agreement is terminated for any reason, Developer shall have the option, but not the obligation to

assume at no cost to Developer, any or all of Distributor's third party agreements (including End-User Agreements) relating to the Products and to receive any and all fees therefrom.

This Agreement is not assignable by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other, except that this Agreement shall be assignable by Developer to an affiliated entity or upon the sale of the fight to license and sublicense the Products to the purchaser of said right.

License Renewal and Maintenance Fees will be split evenIy with 50% distributed to Developer and 50% distributed to Distributor, also subject to paragraph 4 of this section 2.3.

Software license fees associated with Software license agreements in which the sales cycle begins on or after May 1, 1994 (hereinafter "New Software license agreements") for Product sites located in the Territory, shall be allocated and distributed as follows:

              Gross Software Revenue Generated     % to Distributor                  --------------------------------     ----------------                  Per Annum July 1- June 30

              US$O -- $999,999                          40%                  US$1,O00,000 +                            50%

Developer may cancel this Agreement if the total gross annual software revenue does not meet DeVeloper's revenue forecast for the Distributor, such cancellation to be eftected by written notice delivered to Distributor not later than 30 days after any Developer's Fiscal Year end (June 30).

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Developer hereby grants to Distributor an exclusive, non-transferable fight and license to market and distribute the Products in the Territory.

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Developer hereby grants to Distributor an exclusive, non-transferable fight and license to market and distribute the Products in the Territory.

Distributor may continue running the Products solely for purposes of providing maintenance to End-Users granted licenses pursuant to an End-User License Agreement prior to termination.

Upon reasonable notice to Distributor, Distributor shall make such books and records available to Developer, at Distributor's place of business during normal business hours, to audit the payments being made by Distributor hereunder.

DEVELOPER'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY HEREUNDER IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF: THE AMOUNT PAID UNDER THIS AGREEMENT BY DISTRIBUTOR TO DEVELOPER WITHIN THE SIX (6) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE CAUSE GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM; OR FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($5OO,000).

IN NO EVENT SHALL DEVELOPER BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CLAIMS ARISING FROM MALFUNCTION OR DEFECTS IN THE PRODUCTS.

For ninety (90) days after delivery of a Product to Distributor, Developer warrants that media upon which the Products are delivered shall be of good quality and workmanship.

Franchise Agreement

bw-3 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, INC.

"we" or "us"

FRANCHISOR

FRANCHISEE

you

_____ day of ________, 19____

The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.

Within ninety (90) days of our receipt of your notice to renew, we will furnish you with written notice of:  (i) reasons which could cause us not to grant a renewal to you including but not limited to any deficiencies which require correction and a schedule for correction by you; and (ii) our then-current requirements relating to the image, appearance, decoration, furnishing, equipping and stocking of Buffalo Wild Wings businesses, and a schedule for effecting upgrading or modifications in order to bring the Franchised Restaurant in compliance, as a condition of renewal.  Renewal of the franchise shall be conditioned upon your compliance with such requirements and continued compliance with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement up to the date of termination of the initial term.

You have the right to renew the franchise for two (2) successive terms equal to five (5) years each, providing you meet all of the following conditions:

            1.    You have, during the entire term, complied with all the provisions of the Agreement;

            2.    The premises of the Franchised Restaurant meet our then-current standards for Buffalo Wild Wings restaurants and you are able to maintain possession of the Franchised Restaurant.  Before the expiration date of this Agreement you must bring the Franchised Restaurant into full compliance with the specifications and standards then applicable for new or renewing Buffalo Wild Wings businesses and present us with evidence satisfactory that you have the right to remain in possession of the Franchised Restaurant premises for the duration of the renewal term.  In the event you are unable to maintain possession of the premises of the Franchised Restaurant or if the premises do not meet our then-current standards, you may secure substitute premises approved by us and provided that you have furnished, stocked and equipped such premises to bring the Franchised Restaurant at its substituted premises into full compliance with the then-current specifications and standards before the expiration date of this Agreement;

            3.    You have given us written notice of your desire to renew at least six (6) months but not more than twelve (12) months prior to the end of the term;

            4.    You have satisfied all of your monetary obligations to us and our affiliates and have timely met these obligations throughout the term of this Agreement;

            5.    You have executed for the renewal term our then-current form of Franchise Agreement (with appropriate modifications to reflect the fact that the agreement relates to the grant of a renewal franchise), which shall supersede in all respects this Agreement, and the terms of which may differ from the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, a different percentage Continuing Fee and advertising contribution; provided, however, that the percentage Continuing Fee shall not exceed seven percent (7%) during any renewal period.  You will not be required to pay the then-current initial franchise fee or its equivalent;

            6.    You have complied with our then-current qualification and training requirements; and

            7.    You have executed a general release, in a form prescribed by us, of all claims against us and our affiliates, and respective officers, directors, agents, shareholders and employees.

We shall give you written notice of our election not to renew the franchise at least three (3) months prior to the expiration of the initial or first renewal term of this Agreement.

THIS AGREEMENT TAKES EFFECT UPON ITS ACCEPTANCE AND EXECUTION BY US, AND SHALL BE INTERPRETED AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE FRANCHISED RESTAURANT IS LOCATED, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT GOVERNED BY THE UNITED STATES TRADEMARK ACT OF 1946 (LANHAM ACT, 15, U.S.C. SECTIONS 1051 ET SEQ).

You covenant that during the term of this Agreement, except as otherwise approved in writing by us, you will not, either directly or indirectly, for yourself, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person, persons, partnership, corporation or company:

You shall not engage in catering and delivery services and activities outside of the Designated Area.

3.    Directly or indirectly, for yourself or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person or entity, own, manage, operate, maintain, engage in, consult with or have any interest in: a) any restaurant business, b) any prepared food business, or c) any other business which sells or offers to dispense prepared food products the same as or similar to the type sold in the System.

You will, in the event you continue to operate or subsequently begin to operate any other business, not use any reproduction, counterfeit, copy or colorable imitation of the Marks either in connection with such other business or the promotion thereof, which is likely to cause confusion, mistake or deception, or which is likely to dilute our exclusive rights in and to the Marks





and will not utilize any designation of origin or description or representation which falsely suggests or represents an association or connection with us so as to constitute unfair competition.

Each of you agrees that





for a two-year period after Franchisee ceases to have any interest in any Restaurants or any rights to develop Restaurants, regardless of the reasons such interest ceases or terminates, you will not directly or indirectly on your own account or as an employee, consultant, partner, officer, director, shareholder or member of any person, firm, entity, partnership, corporation or company, own operate, lease franchise, engage in, be connected with, have any interest in, or assist any person or entity engaged in:  1) any restaurant business, 2) any prepared food business, or 3) any other business which sells prepared food products the same or similar as the type sold in our System; which is located at or within a ten (10) mile radius of your former Franchised Restaurant or any Buffalo Wild Wings or bw-3 Restaurant.

Accordingly, you covenant that, except as otherwise approved in writing by us, you will not, for a period of two (2) years after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of the cause of termination, or within two (2) years of the sale of the Franchised Restaurant or any interest in you, either directly or indirectly, for yourself, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person or entity, own, manage, operate, maintain, engage in, consult with or have any interest in: i) any restaurant business, ii) any prepared food business, or iii) any other business which sells or offers to dispense prepared food products the same as or similar to the type sold in the System:

            1.    At the premises of the former Franchised Restaurant;

            2.    Within a radius of ten (10) miles of the former Franchised Restaurant; or

            3.    Within a radius of ten (10) miles of the location of any other business using the System, whether franchised or owned by us or our affiliates.

You shall not offer for sale any Menu Items or Proprietary Products by means of Internet/World Wide Web programming or advertising.

Each of you agrees that during the period Franchisee operates any Buffalo Wild Wings and/or bw-3 Restaurants, or has any beneficial interest therein, or holds any rights to develop one or more such Restaurants (including all renewal periods) you shall not directly or indirectly on your own account or as an employee, consultant, partner, officer, director, shareholder or member of any person, firm, entity, partnership, corporation or company, own, operate, lease franchise, engage in, be connected with, have any interest in, or assist any person or entity engaged in:  1) any restaurant business, 2) any prepared food business, or 3) any other business which sells prepared food products the same or similar as the type sold in our System.

We and our affiliated companies shall not engage in catering and delivery services and activities in the Designated Area.

If you propose to offer for sale at the Franchised Restaurant any brand of product, or to use in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant any brand of food ingredient or other material or supply which is not then approved by us as meeting its minimum specifications and quality standards, or to purchase any product from a supplier that is not then designated by us as an approved supplier, you must first notify us and shall upon our request submit samples and such other information as we require for examination and/or testing or to otherwise determine whether such product, material or supply, or such proposed supplier meets its specifications and quality standards.

You receive a Designated Area within which we and our affiliates shall not operate or grant to anyone else a franchise to operate a Buffalo Wild Wings or bw-3 Restaurant so long as this Agreement is in force and effect.

You covenant that during the term of this Agreement, except as otherwise approved in writing by us, you will not, either directly or indirectly, for yourself, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person, persons, partnership, corporation or company:

            1.    Divert or attempt to divert any business or customer of the Franchised Restaurant to any competitor, by direct or indirect inducement or otherwise, or do or perform, directly or indirectly, any other act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Marks or the System.

We shall have no obligation to enforce similar covenants against any other System franchisee.

As a result, you agree that the following locations ("Special Sites") are excluded from the Designated Area and we shall have the right to develop (by direct ownership or franchising) such locations: 1) public transportation facilities, including airports, train stations and bus stations; 2) military bases; 3) sports facilities, including race tracks; and 4) amusement and/or theme parks.

Although we will not operate a Buffalo Wild Wings or bw-3 business within the Designated Area, we reserve the right, both within and outside of the Designated Area, to offer and sell at special events (at our option, if you elect not to participate in such events) or at wholesale, through channels of distribution distinct from those of a Franchised Restaurant, products and services which comprise, or may in the future comprise a part of the System, which products may be resold at retail to the general public by such entities.

We reserve the right to market and sell Menu Items and Trade Secret Food Products on the Internet/World Wide Web.

You covenant that during the term of this Agreement, except as otherwise approved in writing by us, you will not, either directly or indirectly, for yourself, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person, persons, partnership, corporation or company:

You agree that from and after the date hereof, you will not solicit, entice, induce to leave employment or hire directly or indirectly, any person who has been employed by us or by our affiliates or franchisees within the previous twelve (12) month period.

2.    Employ or seek to employ any person who is at that time employed by us, our affiliates, or by any other franchisee of ours, or otherwise directly or indirectly induce or seek to induce such person to leave his or her employment thereat.

Application for our consent to a transfer and tender of the right of first refusal provided for in Paragraph XX, will be accompanied by the documents (including a copy of the proposed purchase or other transfer agreement) or other information required by us.

If you or your owners propose to sell the Franchised Restaurant (or its assets) or a controlling interest in the ownership of you as defined in Paragraph XVIII, you or your owners will obtain and deliver a bona fide, executed written offer to purchase same to us, which shall, for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of delivery of such offer to us, have the right, exercisable by written notice to you or your owners, to purchase the Franchised Restaurant, (its assets) or an ownership interest in you for the price and on the terms and conditions contained in such offer, provided that we may substitute cash for any form of payment proposed in such offer.

In the event of the death or incapacity of an individual franchisee, or any partner or shareholder of you which is a partnership or corporation, where the aforesaid provisions of Paragraph XVIII have not been fulfilled within the time provided, all rights licensed to you under this Agreement shall, at our option, terminate forthwith and we will have the option to purchase the assets of the Franchised Restaurant in accordance with Paragraph XVII.K. herein.

In the event you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity, any transfer of stock (or other form of ownership interest) constituting a controlling interest in you will be subject to the consent, right of first refusal, transfer fee and all other applicable provisions of this Agreement.

If we do not exercise this right of first refusal, you may accept the offer, subject to our prior written approval, as provided in Paragraph XVIII hereof, provided that if such offer is not so accepted within six (6) months of the date thereof, we will again have the right of first refusal herein described.

We will have the right (but not the duty), to be exercised by notice of intent to do so within sixty (60) days after termination or expiration, to purchase for cash any or all assets of the Franchised Restaurant, including leasehold improvements, equipment, supplies, and other inventory, advertising materials, and all items bearing the Marks, at your cost or fair market value, whichever is less.

Any proposed transfer by you (regardless of the form of transfer) shall be subject to the same terms and conditions contained in the Franchise Agreement.  As used herein, the term "Transfer" shall mean any sale, assignment, gift, pledge, mortgage or any other encumbrance, transfer by bankruptcy, transfer by judicial order, merger, consolidation, share exchange, transfer by operation of law or otherwise, whether direct or indirect, voluntary or involuntary, of the Agreements or any interest in any of them or any rights or obligations arising under them, or of any material portion of the business assets, or of any interest in the Franchisee.  Each of you agree and covenant that you will not at any time during which Franchisee is a Buffalo Wild Wings/bw-3 franchisee and/or developer, directly or indirectly, voluntarily or involuntarily, make any Transfer, unless you first obtain our written approval in compliance with the same provisions applicable to a transfer by you as set forth in the Agreements.

may provide for different fees, advertising requirements, duration, and other rights and obligations from those provided in this Agreement);

            4.    The proposed transferee agrees in writing to perform such maintenance, remodeling and re-equipping of the Restaurant that we determine necessary to bring the Restaurant in compliance with our then-current standards;

            5.    Prior to the date of the proposed Transfer, the proposed transferee's management team successfully completes such training and instruction as we deem necessary;

            6.    We are satisfied that the proposed transferee (and if the proposed transferee is an entity, all holders of any interest in such entity) meets all of the requirements for our new franchisees applicable on the date we receive notice of the proposed transfer and including, but not limited to, good reputation and character, business experience, restaurant management experience, and financial strength and liquidity;

            7.    You and all holders of an interest in you execute a general release, in the form prescribed by us, releasing, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claims that you or any of your investors may have against us and our affiliates, including our and their respective shareholders, officers, directors and employees, in both their individual and corporate capacities;

            8.    You pay us a transfer fee equal to one-half (1/2) of the then-current Initial Franchise Fee; and

            9.    We waive our right of first refusal under Paragraph XX.

In the event of the death or incapacity of an individual franchisee, or any partner or shareholder of you which is a partnership or corporation, where the aforesaid provisions of Paragraph XVIII have not been fulfilled within the time provided, all rights licensed to you under this Agreement shall, at our option, terminate forthwith and we will have the option to purchase the assets of the Franchised Restaurant in accordance with Paragraph XVII.K. herein.

In the event of your death or incapacity, or the death or incapacity of any partner, any shareholder owning fifty percent (50%) or more of your capital stock, or any Member who owns a majority interest in a limited liability company, the heirs, beneficiaries, devisees, or legal representatives of said individual, partner or shareholders shall, within one hundred eighty (180) days of such event:

            1.    Apply to us for the right to continue to operate the franchise for the duration of the term of this Agreement and any renewals hereof, which right shall be granted upon the fulfillment of all of the conditions set forth in Paragraph XVIII. of this Agreement (except that no transfer fee shall be required); or

            2.    Sell, assign, transfer, or convey your interest in compliance with the provisions of Paragraphs XVIII and XX of this Agreement; provided,





however, in the event a proper and timely application for the right to continue to operate has been made and rejected, the one hundred eighty (180) days to sell, assign, transfer or convey shall be computed from the date of said rejection.  For purposes of this Paragraph, our silence on an application made pursuant to Paragraph XIX.A.1. through the one hundred and eighty (180) days following the event of death or incapacity shall be deemed a rejection made on the last day of such period.

The term "Transfer" shall mean any sale, assignment, gift, pledge, mortgage or any other encumbrance, transfer by bankruptcy, transfer by judicial order, merger, consolidation, share exchange, transfer by operation of law or otherwise, whether direct or indirect, voluntary or involuntary, of this Agreement or any interest in it, or any rights or obligations arising under it, or of any material portion of your assets, or of any interest in you.  You (and your shareholders, partners and members) will not directly or indirectly make a Transfer without our prior written consent.  We will not withhold our consent to a Transfer, subject to all of the following conditions being satisfied:

            1.    You are in full compliance with this Agreement, you have no uncured defaults, all your fees, debts and financial obligations to us, our affiliates and the Fund are current, and you are current in your required local advertising expenditures;

            2.    You execute a written agreement in a form satisfactory to us in which you and your owners covenant to observe all applicable post-term obligations and covenants contained in this Agreement;





            3.    The proposed transferee enters into a written agreement in a form satisfactory to us assuming and agreeing to discharge all of your obligations and covenants under this Agreement for the remainder of its term or, at our option, execute our then-current standard form of franchise agreement (which

This guaranty is personal to you and the obligations and duties imposed in it may not be delegated or assigned; provided, this guaranty shall be binding upon your successors, assigns, estates and personal representatives.

You (and your shareholders, partners and members) will not directly or indirectly make a Transfer without our prior written consent.

The Agreements, and your rights and obligations under them, are and shall remain personal to you.

This Agreement, and your rights and obligations under it, are and shall remain personal to you.

You will pay us without offset, credit or deduction of any nature, so long as this Agreement is in effect, a monthly Continuing Fee equal to five percent (5%) of the Gross Sales derived from the Franchised Restaurant.  The Continuing Fee will be paid monthly in the manner specified below or as otherwise prescribed in the Manuals.

You will contribute to the Buffalo Wild Wings Advertising and Development Fund ("Fund") (which may be one of several regional Funds, if we elect to establish separate Funds to serve various regions in which multiple franchisees are located) an amount equal to three percent (3%) of your Gross Sales, as defined in Paragraph X.

You will, on an annual basis, participate in a minimum of fifty percent (50%) of the promotional programs introduced by us from time to time.

At least three (3) persons actively involved in the management and operation of the Franchised Restaurant must successfully complete the training program.

At the time of opening you must have a minimum of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) in immediately accessible working capital funds to be used solely to defray the costs of operating the Restaurant for the initial several months.

All modifications and enhancements made to the approved information system shall be our property (or the appropriate vendor if we so designate), without regard to the source of the modification or enhancement. You agree to execute any documents, in the form provided by us, that we determine are necessary to reflect such ownership.

Any developments and improvements by you relating to the Marks or the System shall be our sole property.

You will take such action as may be necessary to cancel or assign to us or our designee, at our option, any assumed name rights or equivalent registration filed with state, city, or county authorities which contains the name "Buffalo Wild Wings," "bw-3" or any Mark, and you will furnish us with evidence satisfactory to us of compliance with this obligation within thirty (30) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement.

Restaurant"), and to use the Marks solely in connection with the System, as it is currently established, and as it may be changed, improved and further developed from time to time, at one (1) location only, such location to be: 1) ____________________________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________________________, or 2)  at a location to be designated, as provided in Paragraph III within the area described on EXHIBIT B.

Subject to the provisions stated below, we hereby grant you a license to use the "Buffalo Wild Wings" Marks and System, and you undertake the obligation to operate a Buffalo Wild Wings restaurant facility featuring the Menu Items and providing sit-down, carry-out and other restaurant services ("Franchised

You agree that we have the right to use your data as part of our earnings claim in our Franchise Offering Circular.

You do not have any right to sublicense or subfranchise others within or outside of the Designated Area and do not have the right to operate more than one (1) Franchised Restaurant within the Designated Area.

Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, you shall allow our employees or agents to remove the required software from the information system, shall immediately return to us the software, each component thereof, any data generated by the use thereof, all documentation for the software and other materials or information that relate to or reveal the software and its operation.

Upon termination or expiration, this Agreement and all rights granted hereunder to you will forthwith terminate, and:

J.   You hereby acknowledge that all telephone numbers used in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant constitute assets of the Franchised Restaurant; and upon termination or expiration of this Agreement  you will assign to us or our designee, all right, title, and interest in and to your telephone numbers and will notify the telephone company and all listing agencies of the termination or expiration of your right to use any telephone number and any regular, classified or other telephone directory listing associated with the Marks and to authorize a transfer of same to or at our direction.

Upon the expiration or termination of either the Lease or the        Franchise Agreement, Landlord will cooperate with and assist us in        gaining possession of premises and if bw-3 does not elect to take an        assignment of the Lessee's interest, Lessor will allow bw-3 to enter the        Premises, without being guilty of trespass and without incurring any        liability to Lessor, to remove all signs, awnings, and all other items        identifying the Premises as a Franchised Restaurant and to make such        other modifications (such as repainting) as are reasonably necessary to        protect the bw-3 marks and system, and to distinguish the Premises from        Franchised Restaurants.

K.   We will have the right (but not the duty), to be exercised by notice of intent to do so within sixty (60) days after termination or expiration, to purchase for cash any or all assets of the Franchised Restaurant, including leasehold improvements, equipment, supplies, and other inventory, advertising materials, and all items bearing the Marks, at your cost or fair market value, whichever is less.

B.   Upon our demand, you will assign to us your interest in any lease then in effect for the Franchised Restaurant premises.

D.   You will take such action as may be necessary to cancel or assign to us or our designee, at our option, any assumed name rights or equivalent registration filed with state, city, or county authorities which contains the name "Buffalo Wild Wings," "bw-3" or any Mark, and you will furnish us with evidence satisfactory to us of compliance with this obligation within thirty (30) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement.

You will make available to us all original books and records that we may deem necessary to ascertain your Gross Sales for reasonable inspection at reasonable times.

In order to preserve the validity and integrity of the Marks and





copyrighted material licensed to you and to assure that you are properly employing the same in the operation of your Franchised Restaurant, we and our agents have the right of entry and inspection of your premises and operating procedures at all reasonable times.

If an inspection discloses an understatement in any report of two percent (2%) or more, you will also reimburse us for any and all costs and expenses connected with the inspection (including, without limitation, reasonable accounting and attorneys' fees), and we will thereafter have the right to require you to submit annual financial statements, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, audited by an independent certified public accountant.

We shall have the right at all times to access the information system and to retrieve, analyze, download and use all software, data and files stored or used on the information system.

We may access the information system in the Franchised Restaurant or from other locations.

We also have the right, at any time, to have an independent audit made of your books and records at our expense.

We or our designated agents have the right at all reasonable times to examine and copy, at our expense, your books, records, and tax returns.

We will have the right to observe the manner in which you are rendering your services and conducting your operations, to confer with your employees and customers, and to select Menu Items, ingredients, food and

non-food products, beverages, and other items, products, delivery vehicles, products and supplies for test of content and evaluation purposes to make certain that the Menu Items, ingredients, food and non-food products, beverages and other items, products, delivery vehicles, materials and supplies are satisfactory and meet our quality control provisions and performance standards.

You specifically acknowledge that our designated representative may take over, control, and operate the Franchised Restaurant, and that you will pay us a service fee of not less than TWO HUNDRED Dollars ($200) per day plus all travel expenses, room and board and other expenses reasonably incurred by such representative so long as it shall be required by the representative to enforce compliance herewith.

You pay us a nonrefundable Initial Franchise Fee of ________________ _______________________ Dollars ($________) which is payable in full on the date of this Agreement.

The policy or policies shall be written by an insurance company satisfactory to us in accordance with standards and specifications set forth in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, and shall include, at a minimum (except as different coverages and policy limits may reasonably be specified for all franchisees from time to time by us in the Manuals or otherwise in writing) the following:

            1.    All risks coverage insurance on the Franchised Restaurant and all fixtures, equipment, supplies and other property used in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, for full repair and replacement value of the machinery, equipment, improvements and betterments, without any applicable co-insurance clause, except that an appropriate deductible clause shall be permitted.

            2.    Worker's compensation and employer's liability insurance as well as such other insurance as may be required by statute or rule of the state in which the Franchised Restaurant is located and operated.

            3.    Comprehensive general liability insurance and product liability insurance with minimum limits of ONE MILLION Dollars ($1,000,000) combined single limit including the following coverages: contractual liability; personal injury; products/completed operation; and tenant's fire legal liability; insuring against all claims, suits, obligations, liabilities and damages, including attorneys' fees, based upon or arising out of actual or alleged personal injuries or property damage resulting from, or occurring in the course of, or on or about or otherwise relating to the Franchised Restaurant, provided that the required amounts herein may be modified from time to time by us to reflect inflation or future experience with claims.

            4.    If you offer delivery service or utilize motor vehicles for any other purpose in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, automobile liability insurance, including owned, hired and non-owned vehicle coverage, with a combined single limit of at least ONE MILLION Dollars ($1,000,000).

            5.    Such insurance and types of coverage as may be required by the terms of any lease for the Franchised Restaurant, or as may be required from time to time by us.

            6.    Liquor liability coverage in a minimum amount of ONE MILLION Dollars ($1,000,000) or such other amount as may be specified by us.

The insurance coverage must commence as of the date the location of the Franchised Restaurant has been secured

You agree to deliver to us prior to opening and periodically at any time upon our request, proper certificate evidencing the existence of the insurance coverage which names us as a named insured.

We will be named an additional insured in such policy or policies.

You will procure at your expense and maintain in full force and effect during the term of this Agreement, an insurance policy or policies protecting you, us and our designated affiliates, and their officers, directors, partners and employees against any loss, liability, personal injury, death, or property damage or expense whatsoever arising or occurring upon or in connection with the Franchised Restaurant, as we may reasonably require for our own and your protection.

Such certificate shall state that said policy or policies will not be canceled or altered without at least twenty (20) days prior written notice to us and shall reflect proof of payment of premiums.

You agree that you will not, at any time directly or indirectly challenge or contest the validity of, or take any action to jeopardize our rights in or ownership of, any of the Marks or any registration of a Mark or any copyrighted work.

You will not, at any time during the term of this Agreement or after its termination or expiration, contest the validity or ownership of any of the Marks or assist any other person in contesting the validity or ownership of the Marks.

Lessor and Lessee expressly agree that bw-3 is a third party beneficiary of this Addendum.

Other System franchisees shall be deemed third party beneficiaries of such.

TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

Reynolds Consumer Products Inc.

Reynolds Group Holdings Inc.

Each Party or any of its Affiliates providing services hereunder shall be a "Provider," and each Party or any of its Affiliates receiving services hereunder shall be a "Recipient."

(the "Company" or "RCP")

RGHI

[], 2020

With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").

This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the Laws of the State of Illinois, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws, to the extent such principles or rules are not mandatorily applicable by statute and would permit or require the application of the Laws of another jurisdiction.

Except as agreed by the Parties in writing or as otherwise stated in the Exhibits, Company may terminate for convenience any Transition Service, and RGHI may terminate for convenience any Reverse Transition Service, upon 30 days' prior written notice of such termination; provided, (a) that, with respect to the Services described in Section G1 of Exhibit A, unless otherwise indicated therein, those Services may not be terminated independently except in accordance with an agreed Migration Plan and, (b) any unamortized costs associated with Provider's purchase of any license or other costs incurred specifically for the purpose of providing the Services hereunder will be passed through to the Terminating Party.

No Party may assign this Agreement, or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (whether by operation of Law or otherwise), without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any Party may assign any or all of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the consent of the other Party to: (a) its Affiliates, (b) a purchaser of: (i) one or more of its Affiliates that is a Provider or Recipient under this Agreement; (ii) all or substantially all of the business or assets of one or more of its Affiliates that is a Provider or Recipient under this Agreement; or (iii) all or substantially all of such Party's business or assets, or (c) its financing sources solely for collateral purposes, in each case so long as the assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.

Any attempted assignment of this Agreement, or the rights or obligations herein, not in accordance with the terms of this Section 10.10 shall be void.

Each Party grants, and shall cause its Affiliates to grant, to the other Party and its Affiliates, a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non- transferable, worldwide license, during the Term, to use the intellectual property owned by such Party or its Affiliates (but excluding any trademarks) only to the extent necessary for the other Party and its Affiliates to provide or receive the Services, as applicable.

Each Party grants, and shall cause its Affiliates to grant, to the other Party and its Affiliates, a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non- transferable, worldwide license, during the Term, to use the intellectual property owned by such Party or its Affiliates (but excluding any trademarks) only to the extent necessary for the other Party and its Affiliates to provide or receive the Services, as applicable.

Each Party grants, and shall cause its Affiliates to grant, to the other Party and its Affiliates, a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non- transferable, worldwide license, during the Term, to use the intellectual property owned by such Party or its Affiliates (but excluding any trademarks) only to the extent necessary for the other Party and its Affiliates to provide or receive the Services, as applicable.

On and after the Commencement Date, RGHI shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, until the 6th anniversary of the Commencement Date, afford to RCP and its employees and authorized representatives during normal business hours reasonable access to their books of account, financial and other records (including accountant's work papers), information, employees and auditors at the Company's expense to the extent necessary or useful for the Company in connection with any audit, investigation, or dispute or Litigation (other than any Litigation involving a dispute between the Parties) or any other reasonable business purpose relating to the Business; provided that any such access by RCP shall not unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of RGHI and its Affiliates.

Each Party shall make the TSA Records it maintains available to the other Party and its Affiliates and their respective auditors or other representatives, and in any event to any Governmental Authority, during normal business hours on reasonable prior notice (it being understood that TSA Records that are not stored on a Party's regular business premises will require additional time to retrieve), for review, inspection, examination and, at the reviewing Party's reasonable expense, reproduction.

Access to such TSA Records shall be exercised by a Party and its Affiliates and their authorized representatives in a manner that shall not interfere unreasonably with the normal operations of the Party maintaining the TSA Records.

In connection with such review of TSA Records, and upon reasonable prior notice, a reviewing Party and its Affiliates shall have the right to discuss matters relating to the TSA Records with the employees of the Party or its Affiliates who are maintaining the relevant TSA Records and providing the Services, as applicable, during regular business hours and without undue disruption of the normal operations of such maintaining and providing Party or its Affiliates.

After the Commencement Date, RCP shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, until the 7th anniversary of the date on which RGHL or its Affiliates owns less than 10% of the capital stock in RCP, afford to RGHI and its employees and authorized representatives reasonable access to RCP's employees and auditors, retain all books, records (including accountant's work papers), and other information and documents pertaining to the Business in existence on the Commencement Date and make available for inspection and copying by RGHI (at RGHI's expense) during normal business hours, in each case so as not to unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of RCP and its Affiliates, such information (A) as may be required by any Governmental Authority, including pursuant to any applicable Law or regulatory request or to prepare or file any Tax related documentation, (B) as may be necessary for RGHI or its Affiliates in connection with their ongoing financial reporting, accounting or other purpose related to RGHI and Company's affiliation immediately prior to the Commencement Date, or (C) as may be necessary for RGHI or its Affiliates to perform their respective obligations pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with any Litigation (other than any Litigation involving a dispute between the parties), in each case subject to compliance with all applicable privacy Laws.

Company shall have the right, in a manner to avoid unreasonable interruption to RGHI's or its Affiliates' business, to (1) evaluate the effectiveness of the key controls; and (2) upon at least thirty (30) days' written notice to RGHI, perform (through its external auditor) audit procedures over RGHI's internal controls and procedures for the Services provided under this Agreement; provided that such right to audit shall exist solely to the extent reasonably required by Company's external auditors to ensure Company's compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

At the request of Recipient, Provider shall provide to Recipient and its Affiliates reasonable access to Provider's applicable Personnel and records with respect to the amount charged in connection with any Service so that Recipient may confirm that the pass through costs incurred by Provider or, to the extent such Service is provided on an hourly basis, information related to hours worked in connection with such Service, are commensurate with the amount charged to Recipient for such Service.

IN NO EVENT SHALL A PARTY'S LIABILITY IN RELATION TO SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE FEES PAID TO IT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE SPECIFIC SERVICE THAT RESULTED IN THE LOSS.

IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUES THAT THE OTHER PARTY MAY INCUR BY REASON OF ITS HAVING ENTERED INTO OR RELIED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER OR THE FAILURE THEREOF, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION IN WHICH SUCH DAMAGES ARE ASSERTED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THE SAME OTHER THAN TO THE EXTENT AWARDED IN A THIRD PARTY CLAIM.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO A MATERIAL BREACH CONSTITUTING WILLFUL MISCONDUCT BY A PROVIDER, REPEAT PERFORMANCE OF A SERVICE BY THE PROVIDER OR REFUND OF THE FEES PAID FOR A SERVICE SHALL BE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF THE SERVICES STANDARD FOR SUCH SERVICE.

Each Party shall obtain and maintain, for the Term (i) commercial general liability insurance with a single combined liability limit of at least $5,000,000 per occurrence, (ii) workers compensation/employer's liability insurance with a liability limit of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence or, if greater, the statutory minimum, and (iii) "all risk" property insurance on a replacement cost basis adequate to cover all assets and business interruption Losses that a Party may suffer in connection with or arising out of this Agreement, subject to policy limits, and in the case of the policies described in clause (i) above, naming the other Party as an additional insured thereunder.

ORDERLY MARKETING AGREEMENT

GWG Holdings, Inc.

Each of GWG and the Trust Advisors may be referred to herein as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

Trust Advisors

GWG

Trust Advisors to the Seller Trusts

December 27, 2018

December 27, 2018

This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").

This OMA, and all claims or causes of action (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this OMA or the negotiation, execution or performance of this OMA (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this OMA), will be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction.

The Engagement Letter shall provide that the Bank may terminate its engagement at any time upon not less than 45 days' prior written notice to the other Parties.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this OMA may be terminated with or without cause at any time after the Effective Date and without liability or continuing obligation by any of the Parties hereto (i) by mutual written agreement of all of the Parties; and (ii) in writing by the Trust Advisors in their sole discretion.

JOINT FILING AGREEMENT

BANC OF AMERICA PREFERRED FUNDING CORPORATION

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION

April 7, 2020

April 7, 2020

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party hereto, being duly authorized, has caused this agreement to be executed and effective as of the date set forth below.

Cooperation Agreement

collectively, the "ValueAct Group", and individually a "member" of the ValueAct Group

Gregory P. Spivy

the "ValueAct Designee"

Company

Schedule A

Members of ValueAct Group

VA Partners I, LLC

ValueAct Capital Master Fund, L.P.

ValueAct Capital Management, L.P.

ValueAct Capital Management, LLC

ValueAct Holdings, L.P.

ValueAct Holdings GP, LLC

Gregory P. Spivy

persons and entities listed on Schedule A

Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.

December 12, 2014

.

This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof

December 12, 2014

This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.

Each member of the ValueAct Group agrees that, during the Covered Period, (unless specifically requested in writing by the Company, acting through a resolution of a majority of the Company's directors not including the ValueAct Designee), it shall not, and shall cause each of its Affiliates or Associates (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act) (collectively and individually, the "ValueAct Affiliates," provided that no portfolio company of the ValueAct Group shall be deemed a "ValueAct Affiliate" so long as such portfolio company (A) has not discussed any of the actions set forth in this subsection (a) with the ValueAct Group or the ValueAct Designee, (B) has not received from the ValueAct Group or the ValueAct Designee information concerning the Company or its business, and (C) is not acting at the request of, in coordination with or on behalf of the ValueAct Group or the ValueAct Designee), not to, directly or indirectly, in any manner, alone or in concert with others:

(ix) disparage or cause to be disparaged the Company or Affiliates thereof, any of its current or former officers, or directors;

No party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations under this Agreement, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and any assignment in contravention hereof shall be null and void.

This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and is not binding upon or enforceable by any other persons

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

PEY DIRT, INC.

FAMOUS FIXINS, INC.

Company

Pey Dirt

May 31, 1999

"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.

"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.

This Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the law of Tennessee.

If, at any time during the Contract Period, Company shall enter into any agreement (the terms of what are significantly the same as the terms hereof) in connection with the production and sale of Company's products using the name, likeness, photographic representation or signature of any other National Football League quarterback (active or retired), which agreement provides for the payment to such individual of remuneration in excess of that set forth herein, then Company agrees it will immediately so notify Pey Dirt

and, at the same time, shall, retroactive to the effective date of such other agreement, increase the rate of remuneration paid to Pey Dirt hereunder up to the highest then-current rate paid by Company to any such National Football League quarterback (active or retired) for a regional endorsement deal.

Pey Dirt grants to Company the exclusive right and license to use Manning Identification within the Contract Territory during the Contract Period in connection with the advertisement and promotion by Company of Products in television, radio, print and point of purchase.

Pey Dirt expressly agrees that the right to use Manning Identification will not be granted to anyone other than Company for use within the Contract Territory during the Contract Period in connection with the advertisement, promotion and sale of Products.

In the event of the merger or consolidation of Company with any other entity, Pey Dirt shall have the right to terminate the Contract Period by so notifying Company in writing on or before sixty (60) days after Pey Dirt has received notice of such merger or consolidation.

The rights granted Company hereunder shall be used only by it and shall not, without the prior written consent of Pey Dirt, be transferred or assigned to any other.

In the event of the merger or consolidation of Company with any other entity, Pey Dirt shall have the right to terminate the Contract Period by so notifying Company in writing on or before sixty (60) days after Pey Dirt has received notice of such merger or consolidation.

Within thirty (30) days following the conclusion of each Contract Year Quarter, Company shall deliver to Pey Dirt an itemized statement setting forth the total shipments of Endorsed Products during said Contract Year Quarter and, at the same time, shall pay to Pey Dirt a royalty with respect to such shipments as hereinafter provided.

In addition to the royalty payments set forth above, Company agrees to grant Pey Dirt an option to purchase an aggregate of 50,000 shares of Company's publicly traded and registered stock (the "Shares") at an exercise price of $0.15 per share (the "Option"), which Option shall vest and become unrestricted when the SEC declares Company's registration statement effective (anticipated to be no later than November 30, 1999) and shall be exercisable until June 30, 2004.

Such royalties shall be based upon the actual invoice price of such shipments, exclusive only of shipping charges and sales taxes, and shall be at the rate of 8.5% of the total of said invoice prices with a minimum invoice price of $2.50 per box.

Further, Pey Dirt will be entitled to fifty percent (50%) of all gross profits (i.e., gross revenues less only Company's actual out-of-pocket costs of obtaining the raw merchandise) generated from merchandise related to the Endorsed Products and/or the Manning Identification, said merchandise to be advertised exclusively on the back panel of each box of Endorsed Products.

Pey Dirt has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately if Company's Endorsed Products are not being distributed in the Contract Territory to a significant number of stores by October 1, 1999.

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Company shall not have the right to distribute photographs of Manning which are larger than 5" x 7".

In the event that, prior to the Contract Period, Company has filed one or more applications for registration of any such trademark, or otherwise has obtained any rights to such trademark, Company agrees to cause such applications and/or trademarks to be assigned and transferred to Pey Dirt forthwith.

Pey Dirt grants to Company the exclusive right and license to use Manning Identification within the Contract Territory during the Contract Period in connection with the advertisement and promotion by Company of Products in television, radio, print and point of purchase.

Upon registration of any such trademark, Pey Dirt shall grant to Company a license for the use of such registered trademark on or in connection with the advertisement, promotion and sale of Endorsed Products, which license shall be coextensive and coterminous with the rights granted thereunder with respect to Manning Identification and shall require no increase in the payments set forth but shall contain such additional provisions as Pey Dirt reasonably believes are necessary for the protection of such trademark registered in the name of Manning or Pey Dirt.

Pey Dirt also grants to Company, subject to all of the terms and conditions herein, the non-exclusive right to use the Manning Identification in connection with certain merchandise that may be featured on the back panel of the Endorsed Products packaging, said merchandise to be subject to Pey Dirt's sole and exclusive discretion and approval.

Any Endorsed Products that may have been manufactured by or for Company prior to the termination or expiration of the Contract Period may be sold by Company during the ninety (90) day period next following the date of termination or expiration; provided, however, that Company shall have no such rights unless (a) Company is not in default of any of its obligations hereunder on the date of termination or expiration, (b) within fifteen (15) days after the date of termination or expiration, Company shall furnish to Pey Dirt a written statement of the number and description of Endorsed Products actually in stock on the date of termination or expiration, (c) the quantity of Endorsed Products in stock on the date of termination or expiration is not in excess of a reasonable inventory based upon Company's selling requirements of Endorsed Products during the Contract Period, (d) Company shall continue to pay to Pey Dirt with respect to such sales a royalty at the rates specified herein, and (e) royalties payable pursuant to this section shall be paid within thirty (30) days following the end of each calendar month with respect





to shipments made during such month.

Pey Dirt, or its representatives, shall, upon two weeks' written notice, have the right at all reasonable times (prior to the expiration of two (2) years after the termination of the Contract Period) to inspect and make copies of the books and records of Company insofar as they shall relate to the computation of royalties to be paid to Pey Dirt hereunder and the shipment of Endorsed Products pursuant to this Agreement.

In the event that any such inspections show an underreporting and underpayment in excess of five percent (5%) for any twelve (12) month period, then Company shall pay the cost of such examination.

Under no circumstances will Manning or Pey Dirt, on the one hand, or Company, on the other hand, be liable to the other or any other entity for any special, consequential, indirect, exemplary and/or punitive damages, or for loss of good will or business profits.

In no event (including, but not limited to, Manning's or Pey Dirt's default hereunder) shall Manning or Pey Dirt be liable to Company (or any entity claiming through Company) for any amount in excess of the amounts of royalties actually received by Pey Dirt hereunder, excluding the reimbursement of expenses.

Company agrees to provide and maintain, at its own expense, general liability insurance and product liability insurance with limits no less than $3,000,000 and within thirty (30) days from the date hereof, Company will submit to Pey Dirt a fully paid policy or certificate of insurance naming Pey Dirt, Pey Dirt's agent and Manning as additional insured parties, requiring that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify such without written notice to Pey Dirt at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof.

AFFILIATE AGREEMENT

Axiometric

Axiometric, LLC

LKPL

Link Plus Corporation

JULY 15, 2005

"Effective Date" means July 15, 2005.

This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless          otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.

This Agreement shall be construed and governed in accordance                   with the laws of the State of Maryland regardless of the place                   or places of its physical execution and performance.

LKPL shall have the exclusive right to market and                            sell AMR Product Suites to Datamatic LTD, a Plano TX                            corporation (hereafter Datamatic).

Axiometric shall have the exclusive right to market                            and sell AMR Product Suites to entities whose                            corporate headquarters are physically located in the                            United States and U.S. territories with the exception                            of Datamatic as defined in 3.3.1 and 3.3.2 below

LKPL shall have the exclusive right to market and                            sell AMR Product Suites to entities whose corporate                            headquarters are physically located outside the                            United States and its territories.

Axiometric will have the right to terminate the license to use                   the office space and to move out of the office space at any                   time upon two weeks notice.

If LKPL does not respond to an RFM within thirty                   (30) days, or cannot provide competitive terms (such as cost,                   credit, quality, schedule), Axiometric will be free to award                   the manufacturing contract to an alternate manufacturer.

As the preferred                   manufacturer, LKPL shall have first right of refusal on all                   such RFMs.

If LKPL deems itself unable to continue to                   provide Axiometric work space without expanding LKPL's                   facilities, and if LKPL determines it will be in its own best                   interests to expand its facilities, then LKPL will afford                   Axiometric the opportunity to lease space in the new                   facilities under a mutually acceptable separate commercial                   rental agreement.

This Agreement may not be assigned in whole or in part by                   either party without prior written consent of the other.

For sales of AMR Product Suites by Axiometric, other                            than sales to Datamatic as defined above, and other                            than AMR product suites for use in electric/energy                            metering: Axiometric shall pay LKPL the higher of:

                           a) five-percent (5%) of the Gross Proceeds OR                            b) twenty-percent (25%) of the Net Proceeds

Axiometric the higher of a) five-percent (5%) of the                            Gross Proceeds or b) twenty-five-percent (25%) of the                            Net Proceeds of all Water Meter AMR Product Suite                            sales.

LKPL shall pay

LKPL                            shall pay Axiometric Net Proceeds less the higher of                            a) five-percent (5%) of the Gross Proceeds or b)                            twenty-five-percent (25%) of the Net Proceeds.

For sales of AMR Product Suites by LKPL, other than                            sales to Datamatic as defined above: LKPL shall pay                            Axiometric the higher of:

                           a) five-percent (5%) of the Gross Proceeds OR                            b) twenty-percent (25%) of the Net Proceeds

Joint ownership conveys                            to each party individually the right to use, sell,                            modify, and create derived works from said                            intellectual property, as well as the right to                            sub-license these rights to others.

described and mutually agreed in writing as                            amendments to this Agreement.

New software and hardware designs and intellectual                            property developed in the course of the Water Meter                            development are jointly owned; specifically, the                            algorithms used to collect data directly from a Water                            Meter using a point-to-point link (drive-by data                            collection), the specific hardware designs related to                            water register interface, battery power management,                            and other intellectual property specifically

Each party shall have the right to conduct                                     an audit after the end of each calendar year                                     to verify the accuracy of the other party's                                     quarterly reports for that year, provided                                     the audit must be initiated no later than                                     June 30th of each year, and that if no such                                     audit is conducted, then the quarterly                                     reports for that year will be deemed                                     accurate.

If the Payor audit confirms the                                     report of the Payee's auditor, then the                                     Payor will pay the deficiency and the cost                                     of the Payee's audit within fifteen (15)                                     days from the time Payee invoices for those                                     fees and provides standard proof of the time                                     and expenses incurred.

Both parties are entitled to reports of sales and to                            conduct periodic audits to ensure accuracy of                            Payments as follows:

                           a.       Each party will provide to the other a                                     quarterly report (in hard copy and                                     electronic copy (if applicable)) showing the                                     AMR Product Suite sales including the Gross                                     Proceeds and the Production Costs.

In the event a Payee's audit shows that the                                     Gross Proceeds or Production Costs of the                                     Payor resulted in an under-payment of more                                     than three percent (3.0%) to the Payee, then                                     the Payor shall have the right, at the                                     Payor's cost, to have its own auditor verify                                     the audit.

In the event a Payee's audit shows that the                                     Gross Proceeds or Production Costs of the                                     Payor resulted in an under-payment to the                                     Payee, then the Payor shall have the right,                                     at the Payor's cost, to have its own auditor                                     verify the Payee's audit.

If the Payor audit                                     confirms the report of the Payee's auditor,                                     then the Payor will pay the deficiency                                     within fifteen (15) days from the time Payee                                     invoices for the deficiency.

No action,                   case, suit or proceeding, regardless of form, arising out of                   or related to this Agreement, may be brought by either party                   more than one (1) year after the cause of action has arisen,                   or in the case of nonpayment, more than two (2) years from the                   date of the last payment.

FLEET MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

DAIRY CREST LIMITED

DCL

SEV

SEV GROUP LIMITED

13 October 2005

"Commencement Date" means 16 October 2005.

In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th  anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV

This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated  in the manner described in Clause 16 below.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the law of England and Wales and both parties  submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.

Following expiry of the initial period described in Clause 15 above, DCL or SEV giving not less than six months notice in  writing may terminate this Agreement.

DCL shall first offer all Surplus Vehicles that DCL wishes to sell for sale to SEV.

Neither party shall be entitled to assign the benefit of this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party nor shall  such consent be unreasonably withheld.

Spare Vehicles in the ratio of one Spare Vehicle to every ten Operational Vehicles (calculated by Vehicle category, and allowing for  reasonable substitutes, across the whole fleet) shall be held at each Site and are included in this Agreement in respect of Fleet  Size calculations.

The Fleet Size, in respect of Maintenance Charges calculations shall only be allowed  to exceed this range following either a revision of Schedule One agreed by SEV and DCL or on the first day of a DCL Financial  Year.

so as to enable SEV to undertake appropriate redundancy consultation and selection processes with those Transferring  Employees involved in the maintenance of such MGV and LGV Vehicles and where appropriate to effect the dismissal of  those Transferring Employees on the ground of redundancy.

Any CDV, SGV, MGV or LGV, reported monthly by SEV as described in Clause 2.7.3 and operating in excess of 25,000 miles per annum  shall be subject to an Additional Charge, calculated on a pro-rata basis, levied annually on the first day of each DCL Financial  Year

Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, DCL shall within a period of five months of the Commencement Date reduce the  number of MGV and LGV Vehicles in respect of which SEV is to provide Maintenance Services to a maximum of 52 Vehicles;

SEV shall remain liable for the repairs described in Clause 4.12 identified by DCL for a period of thirteen weeks from the end  of the Contracted Period and shall provide such repairs on a free of charge basis.

DCL shall not be liable to SEV under the provisions of this clause 11 for indirect loss, consequential loss or loss of profits.

DCL will reimburse Redundancy Costs to SEV in accordance with Clause 11.6 up to a maximum total sum as set out in  Schedule Two ("the Redundancy Cap").

11.5.2 the employment or termination of employment by SEV of any of the Employees (whether or not terminated by notice  and, if so terminated, whenever that notice expires); and     11.5.3 any act, omission or default of SEV in respect of the employment by SEV of the Employees.

SEV shall be liable for any damage caused to the Premises by its employees, agents, sub-contractors and invitees.

Subject to Clause 11.6. SEV will indemnify and keep DCL indemnified in full against all Liabilities arising directly or indirectly  in connection with:     11.5.1 any Employment Costs arising in relation to the Contracted Period in relation to the Employees;

SEV shall not be liable for the failure to provide Maintenance Services due to being unable to gain access to Vehicles  through DCL exercising their rights under this Clause 10.

SEV's entire liability in respect of the sums payable pursuant to the indemnities contained in Clauses 13.4 and 13.5 shall be  limited to the annualised value of the Maintenance Charges calculated on the Commencement Date or the last anniversary  thereof, unless SEV is insured in respect of such liability, in which case SEV's liability under Clauses 13.4 and 13.5 shall be  limited to the extent of such cover.

DCL will indemnify and will keep SEV indemnified in full against all Liabilities arising directly or indirectly in connection with.     11.4.1 the employment or termination of employment by DCL of any of the Transferring Employees (whether or not  terminated by notice and, if so terminated, whenever that notice expires) up to and including the Commencement  Date;     11.4.2 any act, omission or default of DCL up to and including the Commencement Date in respect of the employment by  DCL of the Transferring Employees;     11.4.3 DCL's failure to inform or consult as required under Regulation 10 and 10A of the Regulations except to the extent  that any such action or claim (or any part of such action or claim) arises from any failure by SEV to give DCL the  information required from SEV to enable DCL to comply with its obligations under Regulation 10(3) of the  Regulations;     11.4.4 any claim by a Transferring Employee that such person is entitled for any reason to take benefits not relating to old  age, invalidity or survivors pursuant to the terms of any pension scheme in which SEV is not then participating, or  pursuant to the Transferring Employee's terms and conditions of employment prior to the Commencement Date;     11.4.5 any claim by any trade union, staff association or staff body recognised by DCL in respect of all or any of the  Transferring Employees arising out of DCL's failure to comply with its legal obligations to such trade unions or  staff associations or bodies; and     11.4.6 any claim by any former, existing or future employee of DCL (other than the Transferring Employees) against SEV  concerning or relating to any matter whatever.

SEV shall maintain in force (at its own expense) for the term of this agreement and for six years after its termination:

22.1.1 employer's liability insurance for the minimum amount of 5 million to cover injury (including death) relating to the  provision of the Maintenance Services to DCL; and     22.1.2 comprehensive general liability insurance, including professional indemnity, public liability and product liability insurance,  for the minimum amount of 5 million to cover injury (including death), loss and damage relating to the provision of the  Maintenance Services to DCL.

Cooperation Agreement

Party B

Party A

Xi'an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.

Boxing County Chengli Gas Supply Co., Ltd.

July 2013

The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.

Party A shall charge Party B energy saving service fee according to the income from CDQ waste heat power generation station.

Each party shares 50% of the policy rebate, award, and preferential treatment.

From the starting day of the project, Party B must ensure that the coking system works properly and working hours of the CDQ system must be no less than 8,000 hours/year.

Party A must ensure the waste heat power generation system of CDQ working hours no less than 7,200 hours/year.

For the amount of electricity generated up to 800 million KWH after the project is put into operation, it shall be charged of the energy saving service fee at 0.40 RMB/KWH.

After 800 million KWH, it shall be charged energy saving service fee with the rate of 0.20 RMB/KWH.

Master Services Agreement

Each of Customer and Kubient may be referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

Kubient Inc.

The Associated Press

Kubient

the "Customer"

the 5th day of February, 2020

the 5th day of February, 2020

The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").

This Agreement will automatically renew for additional 1-year terms unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement's express provisions (together with the Initial Term, such additional periods the "Term").

This Agreement is governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.

Either Party may terminate this Agreement for any reason following the Initial Term upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other Party.

Customer will not modify, translate, alter, tamper with, repair, or otherwise create derivative works of any software included in any Service; reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile any software or Service or apply any other process or procedure to derive source code of any software included in any Service; or resell, transfer, assign, or use as a service bureau any Service

Neither Party may assign (voluntarily, by operation of law, or otherwise) this Agreement or any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the other Party's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, provided however, that either Party may assign this Agreement without approval or consent to any affiliate or purchaser of all or substantially all of said Party's assets related to the subject matter of this Agreement or to any successor by way of merger, stock sale, consolidation or similar transaction. Any attempted assignment other than in accordance herewith will be void.

Customer agrees that it will not transfer or (unless expressly and specifically approved by Kubient in advance and in writing) allow third-party access to the Service

The Parties agree to share any revenue generated as a result of this Agreement, or Customer's use of the Services or the Auction Platform, as set forth and detailed in each applicable Exhibit.

In the event Customer shall utilize Kubient's ad serving technology as part of the Services, Kubient hereby grants to Customer a limited, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, without right of sublicense, revocable license to access, participate in and use to the full extent the Auction Platform as hosted by Kubient, for the purpose of serving Inventory at Target Demand ("").

In the event Customer shall utilize Kubient's ad serving technology as part of the Services, Kubient hereby grants to Customer a limited, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, without right of sublicense, revocable license to access, participate in and use to the full extent the Auction Platform as hosted by Kubient, for the purpose of serving Inventory at Target Demand ("").

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTIES' LIABILITY FOR INDEMNIFICATION, OR LIABILITY FOR BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY THE OTHER PARTY'S EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES WHETHER UNDER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT OR OTHER THEORIES OF RECOVERY, EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY WAS OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OR WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTIES' LIABILITY FOR INDEMNIFICATION, OR LIABILITY FOR BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY THE OTHER PARTY'S EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES WHETHER UNDER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT OR OTHER THEORIES OF RECOVERY, EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY WAS OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OR WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 8. Arbitration.

CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

Neoforma.com, Inc.

Neoforma

VerticalNet

VerticalNet, Inc.

November 19, 1999

November 19, 1999

INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.

This Agreement will automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term or a subsequent renewal term on a year to year basis (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless either Party notifies the other at least 30 days prior to the end of the Initial Term or then current Renewal Term, as applicable, of its intention not to renew this Agreement (a "Termination Notice").

This Agreement will automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term or a subsequent renewal term on a year to year basis (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless either Party notifies the other at least 30 days prior to the end of the Initial Term or then current Renewal Term, as applicable, of its intention not to renew this Agreement (a "Termination Notice").

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.

Neoforma shall not enter into, and shall cause its Affiliates to not enter into, any agreement with a third party for the on-line listing of Laboratory Products on a VerticalNet Competitor or place any Link to a VerticalNet Competitor on the Neoforma Sites.

During the Term, Neoforma shall not place any advertisements on a Neoforma Site for any VerticalNet Competitor.

VerticalNet shall not enter into any agreement with a Neoforma Competitor for the on-line listing of Medical Products or place any Link to the Site of a Neoforma Competitor on the VerticalNet Medical Online Communities.

Within 30 days after the Effective Date, VerticalNet shall provide a copy of all VerticalNet Medical Product Listings for New Medical Products existing as of the Effective Date to Neoforma for use on Neoforma Plan, Neoforma Shop and Neoforma Auction on an exclusive basis (even as to VerticalNet), to the extent VerticalNet has the right to do so.

During the Term, VerticalNet shall have the exclusive right to arrange for the sale of all advertising on the Co-Branded Sites, subject to reasonable approval of each such advertiser by Neoforma.

Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet an exclusive license to use, modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the Neoforma T&E Content, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, VerticalNet's activities in connection with its "Storefronts" and "E-Commerce Centers" (as conducted today, in a fashion substantially similar to the manner in which such activities are conducted today or as otherwise mutually agreed upon by the parties, which agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall not be considered to be a breach of Section 2.1  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS], 2.2  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS] or 2.3  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS].

Within 30 days after the Effective Date, Neoforma shall provide a copy of all Neoforma Laboratory Product Listings existing as of the Effective Date to VerticalNet for use on the VerticalNet Sites on an exclusive basis (even as to Neoforma), to the extent Neoforma has the right to do so.

Neoforma shall not place any Link on a Neoforma Site to, or a Neoforma Link on the Site of, any other provider or host of a service similar to the Co-Branded Training and Education Center or to any other training or education service websites.

VerticalNet, to use, modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the VerticalNet Medical Product Listings, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that VerticalNet has the right to do so.

Within 30 days after the Effective Date, VerticalNet shall provide a copy of all VerticalNet Medical Product Listings for Used and Excess Medical Products existing as of the Effective Date to Neoforma for use on Neoforma Plan, Neoforma Shop and Neoforma Auction on an exclusive basis (even as to VerticalNet), to the extent VerticalNet has the right to do so.

From time to time during the Term, VerticalNet shall provide a copy of all VerticalNet Medical Product Listings received by VerticalNet after the Effective Date to Neoforma as such Product Listings are made available to VerticalNet for use on Neoforma Plan, Neoforma Shop and Neoforma Auction on an exclusive basis (even as to VerticalNet), to the extent VerticalNet has the right to do so.

VerticalNet hereby grants Neoforma an exclusive license, even as to

Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet an exclusive license, even as to Neoforma, to use, modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the Neoforma Laboratory Product Listings, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement, to the extent Neoforma has the right to do so.

Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet an exclusive license to use, modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the Neoforma Career Content, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, VerticalNet's activities in connection with its "Storefronts" and "E-Commerce Centers" (as conducted today, in a fashion substantially similar to the manner in which such activities are conducted today or as otherwise mutually agreed upon by the parties, which agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall not be considered to be a breach of Section 2.1  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS], 2.2  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS] or 2.3  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS].

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Sections 3.1  [LABORATORY PRODUCTS] through 3.8  [LABORATORY PRODUCTS] shall not apply to any Laboratory Product sold through live (non-virtual) auctions conducted by Neoforma (through Neoforma GAR or otherwise) for which no Product Listing is made; provided, however, that Neoforma shall use commercially reasonable efforts to acquire Product Listings for all such Laboratory Products. If Neoforma receives a set of Product Listings packaged as a "lot," Neoforma shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide all Laboratory Product Listings contained in such "lot" to VerticalNet in accordance with this Agreement.

Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither Party shall transfer, assign or cede any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent may be withheld at the other Party's reasonable business discretion; provided, however, that either Party may transfer this Agreement without prior written consent of the other Party to an Affiliate or in connection with a merger or sale of all or substantially all of the stock or assets of such Party.

VerticalNet will pay Neoforma [*] of the Training and Education Gross Margin.

From and after the point when such accrued commissions equal [*] in any Contract Year (such [*] of accrued commissions shall not be payable by Neoforma), Neoforma shall pay to VerticalNet commissions equal to [*] of any Medical Products Net Revenues during such Contract Year resulting from (a) any VerticalNet Medical Products Listing or (b) any Neoforma Medical Products Listing for which VerticalNet was the Transaction Origination Party.

VerticalNet will pay Neoforma [*] of the Career Center Gross Margin.

During the Term, VerticalNet shall pay to Neoforma commissions equal to [*] of any Laboratory Products Net Revenues during such Contract Year resulting from (a) any Neoforma Laboratory Products Listing or (b) any VerticalNet Laboratory Products Listing for which Neoforma was the Transaction Origination Party.

During each 12 month period during the Initial Term that commences on the Effective Date or an anniversary of the Effective Date (each, a "Contract Year"),

VerticalNet shall pay to Neoforma a commission of [*] of the Net Advertising Revenue received by VerticalNet during the Term for Advertising on the Co-Branded Sites.

In addition, if Neoforma sells Advertising to a third party on the Neoforma Sites independently from VerticalNet and if Neoforma previously rejected Advertising by such party when proposed by VerticalNet pursuant to Section 7.1.3  [ADVERTISEMENTS ON THE NEOFORMA SITE], or terminated without cause a prior agreement with such third party that had resulted from such a proposal by VerticalNet, then Neoforma shall pay [*] of the Net Advertising Revenue resulting from such Advertising during the Term to VerticalNet.

Except as set forth in Section 10.6.4  [ADVERTISING REVENUE], during the Term, VerticalNet shall not share any revenue derived from advertisements hosted on any VerticalNet Site with Neoforma; provided, however, that if Neoforma brings VerticalNet a Qualified Ad Lead (as defined below) for a new customer that turns into a sale of advertising on a VerticalNet Medical Online Community, VerticalNet shall pay to Neoforma a commission of [*] of the Net Advertising Revenue resulting from such sale of advertising.

Neoforma shall pay to VerticalNet a commission of [*] of the Net Advertising Revenue received during the Term for the initial placement and renewals of Advertising sold by VerticalNet on the Neoforma Sites.

After the Initial Term, Neoforma shall pay to VerticalNet commissions equal to [*] of any Medical Products Net Revenues during such Contract Year resulting from (a) any VerticalNet Medical Products Listing or (b) any Neoforma Medical Products Listing for which VerticalNet was the Transaction Origination Party.

commissions shall accrue in an amount equal to [*] of any Medical Products Net Revenues during such Contract Year resulting from (a) any VerticalNet Medical Products Listing or (b) any Neoforma Medical Products Listing for which VerticalNet was the Transaction Origination Party.

Thereafter, VerticalNet shall place button Links to Neoforma Shop or Neoforma Auction on unsold third-party advertising inventory (up to [*] of the total third party advertising inventory) on the home pages of the VerticalNet Medical Online Communities as frequently as VerticalNet places internal advertisements on such advertising inventory and (b) the site located at www.meddeals.com.

VerticalNet shall register and own the domain name and the URL used in connection with the Co-Branded Career Center, subject, however, to Neoforma's agreement on the name to be used for the URL, which domain name and URL shall be mutually agreed upon by the Parties.

VerticalNet shall register and own the domain name and the URL used in connection with the Co-Branded Training and Education Center, subject, however, to Neoforma's agreement on the name to be used for the URL, which domain name and URL shall be mutually agreed upon by the Parties.

VerticalNet hereby grants to Neoforma a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use, reproduce, display and transmit the VerticalNet Content, solely in connection with the operation of the Neoforma Site, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement.

VerticalNet hereby grants to Neoforma a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to the VerticalNet Sites through a VerticalNet Link.

Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet an exclusive license to use, modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the Neoforma T&E Content, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement.

Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to the Neoforma Sites through a Neoforma Link.

Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet the right to frame all pages of the Neoforma Sites that contain Medical Products Listings with a frame containing VerticalNet Marks substantially consistent with the prototype attached hereto as EXHIBIT C, which framed pages shall only be accessible from the VerticalNet Sites.

VerticalNet, to use, modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the VerticalNet Medical Product Listings, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that VerticalNet has the right to do so.

VerticalNet hereby grants Neoforma the right to frame all pages of the VerticalNet Auction that contain Laboratory Products Listings with a frame containing Neoforma Marks, which framed pages shall only be accessible from the Neoforma Sites.

VerticalNet hereby grants Neoforma an exclusive license, even as to

Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet an exclusive license, even as to Neoforma, to use, modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the Neoforma Laboratory Product Listings, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement, to the extent Neoforma has the right to do so.

Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet an exclusive license to use, modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the Neoforma Career Content, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement.

VerticalNet hereby grant Neoforma the right to frame all pages of the Co-Branded Career Center with a frame, which framed pages shall only be accessible from the Neoforma Sites.

VerticalNet hereby grants to Neoforma a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use, reproduce, display and transmit the VerticalNet Content, solely in connection with the operation of the Neoforma Site, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement.

Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to the Neoforma Sites through a Neoforma Link.

VerticalNet hereby grants to Neoforma a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to the VerticalNet Sites through a VerticalNet Link.

Any Advertising inventory that Neoforma appoints VerticalNet to arrange to sell shall not also be appointed to any third party to arrange for sale to third parties.

If a Termination Notice is sent, the parties shall promptly meet to discuss a phase-out of the Co-Branded Sites and all Links and transfers of Product Listings set forth herein.

The Auditing Party shall give reasonable advance written notice to the Audited Party, and each audit shall be conducted during normal business hours and in a manner that does not cause unreasonable disruption to the conduct of business by the Audited Party.

The Auditing Party may cause the Auditor to perform such an audit not more than once in any 12-month period, unless a prior audit within the past two years revealed that the amount owed by the Audited Party to the Auditing Party was underpaid in excess of 8% of the amount owed, in which case an audit may be performed no more frequently than twice in any 12-month period.

During the 18-month period following the payment by one Party of any amount due under this Agreement to the other Party, the Party receiving payment (the "Auditing Party") shall have the right, at its own expense, to have an independent "Big Five" accounting firm (the "Auditor") audit the financial records of the other Party (the "Audited Party") relating to such payment to verify the accuracy of the Audited Party's financial records in order to verify the amount of the payments owed and/or paid.

becomes known, whichever is later.

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF ARTICLE 13, THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF NEOFORMA UNDER SECTION 15.4(c)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY NEOFORMA] AND (d) AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF VERTICALNET UNDER SECTION 15.5(c)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET] AND (d), EACH PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES HEREUNDER SHALL NOT EXCEED $1,000,000.

Except for claims under Sections 15.4  [INDEMNIFICATION BY NEOFORMA] and 15.5  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET] hereof, neither Party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising out of or related to this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or misrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues or

becomes known, whichever is later.

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF ARTICLE 13, THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF NEOFORMA UNDER SECTION 15.4(c)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY NEOFORMA] AND (d) AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF VERTICALNET UNDER SECTION 15.5(c)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET] AND (d), EACH PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES HEREUNDER SHALL NOT EXCEED $1,000,000.

Except for claims under Sections 15.4  [INDEMNIFICATION BY NEOFORMA] and 15.5  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET] hereof, neither Party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising out of or related to this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or misrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues or

In addition, VerticalNet shall not now or in the future contest the validity of Neoforma's Intellectual Property

In addition, Neoforma shall not now or in the future contest the validity of VerticalNet's Intellectual Property.

SERVICING AGREEMENT

"Servicing Agent," "

Nationwide

OneAmerica Securities, Inc.

you

American United Life Insurance Company

your

Nationwide Fund Management LLC

this day of , 20

This Agreement will become effective on the date a fully executed copy of this Agreement is received by Nationwide

This Agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and is assignable only upon the written consent by all the parties hereto

for any reason on at least ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.

In addition, either you or Nationwide may terminate this Agreement

You agree, upon the reasonable request of Nationwide, to provide access during normal business hours to your facilities and records related to the services provided and the compensation payable hereunder, and to permit Nationwide to review the quality of such services provided and to respond to requests of the Trust's Board of Trustees.

but specifically excluding any and all consequential punitive or other indirect damages.

In the event of any error or delay with respect to both the Fund/SERV Processing Procedures and the Manual Processing Procedures outlined in Exhibit B herein:

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

Violin Memory, Inc.

Forty Niners SC

Forty Niners SC Stadium Company LLC

For purposes of this Agreement, Forty Niners SC and Sponsor may each be referred to individually as a "Party" and may be collectively referred to as the "Parties."

Sponsor

June 13, 2012

June 13, 2012

This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.

Forty Niners SC shall not enter into a sponsorship agreement with a party with respect to the Product and Services Category, provided however, that Forty Niners SC shall be permitted to enter into a sponsorship agreement with any party that enters into a naming rights agreement with SCSA for the Stadium, provided that if SCSA enters into a naming rights agreement for the Stadium with a party that is in the Products and Services Category, Sponsor may immediately terminate this Agreement and receive a pro rated refund of any amounts paid by Sponsor for the unexpired Contract Year in which the termination occurs.

Without limiting Section 4(a) above, the Parties agree that *** are, at the Effective Date, primarily or exclusively known as suppliers or providers in the Product and Services Category. Accordingly, Forty Niners SC shall not solicit or enter into sponsorships with such Parties.

Sponsor shall receive exclusive branding and entitlement at the Stadium at (i) a ticketed entryway for the suite tower guests (currently referred to as "Suite Tower Gate F"); (ii) an open communal space in front of the suite tower (currently referred to as the "Suite Tower Plaza"); (iii) first floor welcome lobby of suite tower and individual suite corridors (currently referred to as the "Suite Tower Atrium"); and (iv) an onsite meeting space (currently referred to as the "Executive Briefing Center") located adjacent to the suite described below and Forty Niners SC will provide a *** credit towards buildout of the Executive Briefing Center.

Forty Niners SC acknowledges and agrees that, except as otherwise provided herein, the rights granted to Sponsor herein are exclusive to Sponsor within the Product and Services Category with respect to Forty Niners SC at the Stadium.

Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding the grant of exclusivity set forth in this Section 4, Team shall have the right to solicit and enter into sponsorships with other parties that are not known primarily or exclusively as suppliers or providers of any product or service within the Product and Services Category.

provided however, that Forty Niners SC shall be permitted to enter into a sponsorship agreement with any party that enters into a naming rights agreement with SCSA for the Stadium, provided that if SCSA enters into a naming rights agreement for the Stadium with a party that is in the Products and Services Category, Sponsor may immediately terminate this Agreement and receive a pro rated refund of any amounts paid by Sponsor for the unexpired Contract Year in which the termination occurs.

Either Party shall have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement in the event the other Party, in such Party's reasonable discretion, engages in illegal, indecent, immoral, harmful or scandalous behavior or activities that may directly or indirectly damage such Party's reputation or goodwill or violates any rules or regulations of Team or the National Football League or if this would otherwise violate League policy or directive.

Sponsor shall have the opportunity to purchase the suite for the postseason at prevailing prices, as available.

Sponsor shall have the opportunity to purchase the same seating package for the postseason at prevailing prices, as available:

(i) *** with access to the "West Legacy Club;"

(ii) *** on the 100 level with access to the "Champions" and "Broadcast" clubs;

(iii) *** on the 200 level with access to the "Loft" club;

This Agreement and the rights granted hereunder may not be assigned, sold, transferred, pledged or exchanged by Sponsor by operation of law or otherwise without the prior written consent of Forty Niners SC, which consent shall be in Forty Niners SC's sole discretion; provided, however, that Forty Niners SC shall consent to an assignment to any entity that acquires Sponsor (or a substantial portion of Sponsor's assets) via merger, acquisition or other similar transaction so long as (i) such entity's sponsorship would not cause Forty Niners SC to breach any existing agreement, (ii) Sponsor is not in default under this Agreements, and (iii) such sponsorship shall not otherwise cause a breach under this Agreement.

Sponsor shall have no right to assign any right granted hereunder to use Team Marks, or any other Sponsorship Rights granted hereunder, to any third party, except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein.

The rights and obligations of Forty Niners SC under this Agreement may be assigned by Forty Niners SC without the consent of Sponsor so long as the assignment shall be the assignment of Team's rights and obligations hereunder (i) as collateral security for financing arrangements, (ii) to any Affiliate or successor entity, or (iii) to any purchaser of Team's interest in its NFL franchise.

In order for Forty Niners SC to fulfill its obligations hereunder, Sponsor hereby grants to Forty Niners SC a limited license during the

Term to use, reproduce and display the Sponsor Marks in connection with advertising and promotion of Sponsor and its sponsorship.

From the commencement of the first Contract Year through the end of the Term, Forty Niners SC grants to Sponsor a limited license during the Term to (a) advertise and promote the fact that Sponsor is an "official sponsor of the San Francisco 49ers," (b) use, reproduce and display the Team Marks in connection with advertising and promotion of Sponsor's goods and services in the Product and Services Category, and (c) promote Sponsor's sponsorship, subject to the terms and conditions of use set forth herein.

Sponsor hereby agrees to and does (a) waive any and all suits, actions, claims, losses, demands, damages, liabilities, costs and reasonable expenses of every kind (including consequential, incidental or punitive damages, or lost profits), including court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees (collectively, "Claims") Sponsor may have now or in the future against Forty Niners SC, its Affiliates, the National Football League, SCSA and any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, insurers, and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnitees") for damage to or destruction of Sponsor's property, excepting only claims caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnitee;

policy or policies evidenced thereby shall not be canceled or modified without thirty (30) days advance written notice.

During the Term of this Agreement, *** shall, at no cost to the ***, maintain (or cause to be maintained) the following insurance coverage with insurers having a "Best's" rating of AVIII or better: commercial general liability insurance, including coverage for bodily injury, property damage, personal and advertising injury, products/completed operations and contractual liability with a minimum amount of ten million US Dollars (USD $10,000,000.00) for each occurrence. *** shall furnish the other Party with a certificate of insurance evidencing such insurance coverage, which shall further contain a provision that the

Sponsor hereby agrees to and does (a) waive any and all suits, actions, claims, losses, demands, damages, liabilities, costs and reasonable expenses of every kind (including consequential, incidental or punitive damages, or lost profits), including court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees (collectively, "Claims") Sponsor may have now or in the future against Forty Niners SC, its Affiliates, the National Football League, SCSA and any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, insurers, and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnitees") for damage to or destruction of Sponsor's property, excepting only claims caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnitee; (b) fully compensate Forty Niners SC, the SCSA and their respective Affiliates ("Indemnitees") for damage to or destruction of their tangible property caused by, resulting from, or arising out of Sponsor's negligence or willful misconduct under this Agreement; (b) defend, indemnify, protect and hold the Indemnitees harmless from and against any and all claims by Sponsor's officers, directors, employees, insurers, invitees, and agents for any personal injury or death or any property damage, regardless of how caused, including claims caused in whole or in part by the act, omission or negligence of an Indemnitee, excepting with respect to any Indemnitee only claims caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, to the extent of such negligence or willful misconduct, and (c) defend, indemnify, protect and hold harmless the Indemnitees against any and all claims by third parties, including, without limitation, all costs, liabilities, judgments, expenses, damages and reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or in connection with (i) any breach by Sponsor of any provision of the Agreement or any representation or warranty made by it therein; (ii) the use of the Sponsor Marks displayed in any advertising materials; (iii) any negligence or willful misconduct of Sponsor, its employees, servants and agents hereunder or in respect hereto; and (iv) any event for which Sponsor is credited with sponsorship or which is controlled or directed by Sponsor or anyone with whom Sponsor has contracted to control or direct such activities.

This Agreement does not and is not intended to confer any rights upon any person other than the Parties, except that it is expressly agreed that Team and SCSA are intended third party beneficiaries of Section 8.

CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                      (FORM)

Solutions  Media,  Inc.,  dba SpinRecords.com

NETTAXI Online Communities, Inc.

"SpinRecords.com"  or  "Client"

NETTAXI

Nov  5,  1999

Nov  5,  1999

This  Agreement  shall  be effective upon the              ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated  as provided  herein.

This  Agreement  shall  be effective upon the

Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated  as provided  herein.

This Agreement and any action

related  thereto  shall  be governed, controlled, interpreted and defined by and under  the laws of the State of California and the United States, without regard to  the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.

The      spinwares  and  spinstore  will be  modified  to include  licensed  content      purchased directly from Spinrecords.com and to eliminate products that will      compete with the Nettaxi store.

its  convenience,  for  no  reason or for any reason, upon sixty (60) days prior written  notice  to  SpinRecords.com.

SpinRecords.com may terminate  this  Agreement  for no reason or for any reason upon sixty (60) days prior  written  notice  to  NETTAXI.

NETTAXI  may terminate this Agreement at any time for

In the event more that there is a change in ownership  representing  fifty  percent (50%) or more of the equity ownership of either  party, the other party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement upon written  notice.

Neither  NETTAXI  or  SpinRecords.com shall assign its              ---------- respective  rights  or delegate its obligations hereunder, either in whole or in part,  whether  by  operation  of  law  or  otherwise, without the prior written consent  of  the other party. Any attempted assignment or delegation without the other  party's  written  consent  will  be  void.

For each User that accesses the co-branded             ------------------------ site  and  becomes  a  paying  customer  on the co-branded site, SpinRecords.com agrees  to  pay  a  fee  of  five  (5%)  percent  of  the  gross  sale.

In full consideration for the rights granted              --------------------- by  NETTAXI,  SpinRecords.com  agrees  to  pay NETTAXI fifty (50%) percent of ad revenue  at  an  average  rate  no lower then $6.50 per one thousand impressions (CPM)  payable  to  NETTAXI  which  results when the SpinRecords.com Advertising Revenue  is  multiplied by SpinRecords.com's AR Share.

Spin agrees to pay      Nettaxi a 5% commission of the gross sales price on all transactions.

SpinRecords.com hereby              ------------------------------------------- grants  NETTAXI  a  nonexclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, revocable, royalty free  license  to display and distribute the, and make derivative works from the SpinRecords.com  Brand  Features  and  any  enhancements,  modifications  or improvements  thereto  as  necessary  to  carry out the terms of this Agreement.

NETTAXI hereby grants to              ----------------------------------------- SpinRecords.com  a non-exclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, revocable, royalty free  license to use the NETTAXI Brand Features as the same may be modified from time  to  time  for  the  purposes  of  this  Agreement

SpinRecords.com hereby              ------------------------------------------- grants  NETTAXI  a  nonexclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, revocable, royalty free  license  to display and distribute the, and make derivative works from the SpinRecords.com  Brand  Features  and  any  enhancements,  modifications  or improvements  thereto  as  necessary  to  carry out the terms of this Agreement.

NETTAXI hereby grants to              ----------------------------------------- SpinRecords.com  a non-exclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, revocable, royalty free  license to use the NETTAXI Brand Features as the same may be modified from time  to  time  for  the  purposes  of  this  Agreement

Upon reasonable notice of not less than seven (7) business  days,  but in no event more than once per year (unless the immediately preceding  audit  showed a material underpayment), NETTAXI shall have the right, subject  to  suitable  confidentiality  measures,  to  cause  a certified public accountant  to  inspect those portions of the books of account and records which relate  to  the royalties owed NETTAXI, to confirm that the correct amount owing NETTAXI  under this Agreement has been paid.

Upon  reasonable  prior  notice,   NETTAXI  will  have  the  right, exercisable  not more  than  once  every  twelve  (12)  months,  to  appoint  an independent   accounting   firm  or  other  agent   reasonably   acceptable   to SpinRecords.com,  at  NETTAXI'S  expense,  to examine  such  books,  records and accounts  during  SpinRecords.com's  normal business hours to verify the amounts due by  SpinRecords.com  to  NETTAXI  herein,  subject  execution  of  NETTAXI's standard  confidentiality  agreement by the accounting firm or agent;  provided, however,  that  execution of such  agreement  will not  preclude  such firm from reporting  its  results  to  NETTAXI.

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 6 AND 7.1,              ------------------------ UNDER  NO  CIRCUMSTANCES  WILL  EITHER  PARTY  BE  LIABLE TO THE OTHER UNDER ANY CONTRACT,  STRICT  LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY  INCIDENTAL  OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT  MATTER  OF  THIS  AGREEMENT.

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 6 AND 7.1,              ------------------------ UNDER  NO  CIRCUMSTANCES  WILL  EITHER  PARTY  BE  LIABLE TO THE OTHER UNDER ANY CONTRACT,  STRICT  LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY  INCIDENTAL  OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT  MATTER  OF  THIS  AGREEMENT.

JOINT FILING AGREEMENT

Yorkville Advisors Global II, LLC

Delta Beta Advisors, LP

Yorkville Advisors GP, LLC

D-Beta One EQ, Ltd.

YAII GP, LP

D-Beta One Growth and Opportunity Fund Offshore, LP

Yorkville Advisors Global, LP

D-Beta One Blocker EQ, Ltd.

D-Beta One GP, LLC

YA II PN, Ltd.

YA Global Investments II (U.S.), Ltd.

4/8/2020

DISTRIBUTORSHIP AGREEMENT

Distributor

ZOGENIX, INC.

Zogenix

Zogenix and Distributor may be referred to individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

Nippon Shinyaku Company, Ltd.

March 18, 2019

March 18, 2019

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").

This Agreement and all questions regarding its existence, validity, interpretation, breach or performance and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it (whether contractual or non-contractual in nature such as claims in tort, from breach of statute or regulation or otherwise) shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States, without reference to its conflicts of law principles to the extent those principles would require applying another jurisdiction's laws.

During the Term, without the prior written approval of Zogenix, Distributor shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, either directly or indirectly, file for Regulatory Approval of, promote, market, offer for sale, sell, import or distribute in the Territory any product containing fenfluramine or any salt, enantiomer, or polymorph of fenfluramine, or any product for [***].

Distributor shall have the exclusive right to market, promote, sell, offer for sale, import, package and otherwise Commercialize the Product in the Field in the Territory, at its sole cost and expense, in accordance with Applicable Laws and the Commercialization Plan and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Distributor hereby grants Zogenix an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid-up, exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses to use such Data solely generated and co-owned by Distributor outside of the Territory and a co-exclusive license in the Territory upon expiration or termination of the Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Zogenix hereby appoints Distributor, and Distributor accepts appointment, as the exclusive distributor (even as to Zogenix) of the Product in the Field in the Territory during the Term, and grants to Distributor the exclusive rights to maintain Regulatory Approval of (while Distributor is the MAH Party), package, promote, market, offer for sale, sell, import and distribute the Product in the Field in the Territory during the Term

(iii) establishing and implementing post-marketing surveillance studies for the Product in the Territory as required or recommended by a Regulatory Authority;

(iv) receiving, accepting and filling orders for the Product from customers;

(v) warehousing and distributing the Product to customers;

(vi) controlling invoicing, order processing and collection of accounts receivable for sales of the Product;

(vii) recording sales of the Product in the Territory in its books of account for sales; and

(viii) providing results of sales of the Product in the Territory for purposes of periodic safety reports and exposure estimates.

Without limiting the foregoing, Distributor will have the exclusive right and responsibility in the Field in the Territory for the following:

(i) designing the Commercialization strategy and tactics for the Product, subject to JSC approval of the Commercialization Plan;

(ii) undertaking all promotional activities for the Product;

Zogenix shall supply (or have supplied) to Distributor, in accordance with the terms set forth on Exhibit 2.3, and Distributor shall purchase exclusively from Zogenix, Distributor's and its Affiliates' and Sub- distributors' Unlabeled Drug Product requirements of the Product for sale by Distributor or its Affiliates or Sub-distributors in the Territory in the Field, subject to and under the provisions of Section 5.2 and the Supply Agreement.

During the Term, Zogenix shall retain and have the sole and exclusive right to supply or have supplied all of Distributors' and its Affiliates' and Sub-distributors' requirements of the Product for sale in the Field in the Territory.

At any time following the expiration of the Distribution Term (as defined in Section 1.17), the Distributor may terminate this Agreement at will upon [***] prior written notice to Zogenix.

"Distribution Term" means the period commencing on the first Regulatory Approval of the Product in the Territory and continuing until [***], or if this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Article 12, the effective date of such termination.

Except as expressly provided in this Section 14.3, neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned or otherwise transferred by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that either Party may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder without the other Party's consent:

(a) in connection with the transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the business of the assigning Party to a Third Party, whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise; provided that in the event of a transaction (whether this Agreement is actually assigned or is assumed by the acquiring party by operation of law (e.g., in the context of a reverse triangular merger)), unless otherwise agreed with the acquiring party in writing, intellectual property of the acquiring party shall not be included in the intellectual property to which the other Party has access under this Agreement; or

(b) to an Affiliate, provided that the assigning Party shall remain liable and responsible to the nonassigning Party hereto for the performance and observance of all such duties and obligations by such Affiliate.

This Agreement may be terminated by either Party upon [***] written notice to the other Party in the event that the other Party undergoes a Change of Control; provided, however, that such termination notice shall only be effective if delivered within [***] after the later of the occurrence of such Change of Control or the date the Party undergoing the Change of Control delivers written notice thereof to the other Party.

Except as expressly provided in this Section 14.3, neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned or otherwise transferred by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that either Party may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder without the other Party's consent:

(a) in connection with the transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the business of the assigning Party to a Third Party, whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise; provided that in the event of a transaction (whether this Agreement is actually assigned or is assumed by the acquiring party by operation of law (e.g., in the context of a reverse triangular merger)), unless otherwise agreed with the acquiring party in writing, intellectual property of the acquiring party shall not be included in the intellectual property to which the other Party has access under this Agreement; or

(b) to an Affiliate, provided that the assigning Party shall remain liable and responsible to the nonassigning Party hereto for the performance and observance of all such duties and obligations by such Affiliate.

For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that either Party assigns this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14.3(a), the other Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 12.2(i).

Any assignment not in accordance with this Section 14.3 will be null and void.

During the Distribution Term, and in addition to the consideration provided pursuant to Sections 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, and 6.4, for all Product supplied by Zogenix to Distributor under purchase orders submitted pursuant to the Supply Agreement in a particular Fiscal Year, Distributor shall pay to Zogenix a transfer price per unit of Product supplied (the "Transfer Price") equal to the sum of (i) [***] of the Fully-Burdened Manufacturing Cost per unit of Product for such Fiscal Year, (ii) [***] of aggregate annual Net Sales for such Fiscal Year, and (iii) the applicable markup percent of the applicable aggregate Net Price for such Fiscal Year, which markup percent is determined based on the incremental amount of Product ordered in such Fiscal Year as set forth below, as may be adjusted pursuant to Section 6.5(b):

Amount of Product Supplied per Fiscal Year Net Price Markup

For the portion of Product supplied less than or equal to the equivalent of [***] in Net Sales in such Fiscal Year [***]

For the portion of Product supplied in excess of the equivalent of [***] in Net Sales and less than or equal to the equivalent of [***] in Net Sales in such Fiscal Year [***]

For the portion of Product supplied in excess of the equivalent of [***] in Net Sales and less than or equal to the equivalent of [***] in Net Sales in such Fiscal Year [***]

For the portion of Product supplied in excess of the equivalent of [***] in Net Sales in such Fiscal Year [***]

Following the expiration of the Distribution Term and during the remaining Term of this Agreement, for all Product supplied by Zogenix to Distributor under purchase orders submitted pursuant to the Supply Agreement in a particular Fiscal Year, Distributor shall pay to Zogenix the Transfer Price per unit of Product supplied shall be equal to the sum of (i) [***] of the Fully-Burdened Manufacturing Cost per unit of Product for such Fiscal Year, and (ii) [***] of aggregate annual Net Sales for such Fiscal Year.

Unless this Agreement is terminated by Zogenix under Section 12.2(c), at Zogenix's option, which shall be exercised by written notice to Distributor, to the extent permitted under Applicable Laws, Distributor shall assign or cause to be assigned to Zogenix or its designee (or to the extent not so assignable, Distributor shall take all reasonable actions to make available to Zogenix or its designee the benefits of), at Zogenix's cost, all Regulatory Filings and Regulatory Approvals for the Product in the Field in the Territory.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Zogenix asks Distributor to solely conduct any additional Territory-specific Development activities which are urgently required by the MHLW for the MAA in the Territory, Distributor shall retain co-ownership with Zogenix of any Data generated solely by Distributor.

In the event that either Zogenix or Distributor intends to file a patent application containing a Joint Invention, such Party shall promptly notify the other Party of such intention and shall provide a draft of any such patent application to such other Party [***] before filing such patent application with any patent office and the Parties shall negotiate in good faith concerning the terms and conditions of a joint patent agreement.

Zogenix and Distributor shall each own an undivided right, title, and interest in and to any and all Inventions discovered, developed, identified, made, conceived or reduced to practice jointly by or on behalf of Zogenix under or in connection with this Agreement and by Distributor or its Affiliates or Sub-distributors or its other subcontractors in the Territory and under or in connection with this Agreement ("Joint Invention").

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Zogenix hereby appoints Distributor, and Distributor accepts appointment, as the exclusive distributor (even as to Zogenix) of the Product in the Field in the Territory during the Term, and grants to Distributor the exclusive rights to maintain Regulatory Approval of (while Distributor is the MAH Party), package, promote, market, offer for sale, sell, import and distribute the Product in the Field in the Territory during the Term.

Distributor hereby grants Zogenix an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid-up, exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses to use such Data solely generated and co-owned by Distributor outside of the Territory and a co-exclusive license in the Territory upon expiration or termination of the Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Zogenix hereby grants to Distributor a non-exclusive, royalty-free, limited right under the Zogenix Trademarks solely to promote, market, sell, offer for sale, import, package and distribute the Product in Field in the Territory in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Distributor hereby grants Zogenix an irrevocable, perpetual, world-wide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses under such Distributor Inventions and any patents or patent applications claiming or disclosing such Distributor Inventions.

Such license shall also include Zogenix's agreement to use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to enable Distributor to establish manufacturing capability for the Product in or for the Territory at Distributor's cost.

In the event that Zogenix is the holder of the Regulatory Approval for the Product in the Territory at the time of termination pursuant to Section 12.2(c) by Zogenix or Section 12.2(d) by Distributor or expiration pursuant to Section 12.1, such license agreement shall also include a grant by Zogenix to Distributor of the right to reference and use all Data and Regulatory Filings (including all Regulatory Approvals), such reference and use solely for maintaining Regulatory Approval and commercializing the Product in the Territory in the Field.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Zogenix hereby grants to Distributor an co-exclusive, royalty-free, limited right under the Product Trademarks solely to promote, market, sell, offer for sale, import, package and distribute the Product in Field in the Territory in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Distributor shall own the entire right, title and interest in and to any and all Inventions discovered, developed, identified, made, conceived or reduced to practice solely by Distributor or its Affiliates or Sub-distributors or its other subcontractors in the Territory and under or in connection with this Agreement, including in the course of conducting regulatory activities or Commercialization of the Product in the Field in the Territory, whether or not patented or patentable, together with any and all intellectual property rights in any such Inventions, including Patents that claim or disclose any such Inventions (collectively, the "Distributor Invention").

Distributor hereby grants Zogenix an irrevocable, perpetual, world-wide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses under such Distributor Inventions and any patents or patent applications claiming or disclosing such Distributor Inventions.

"Data" means any and all scientific, technical or test data pertaining to the Product in the Field that is generated by or under the authority of Distributor or its Affiliates, Sub-distributors or other subcontractors or by or under the authority of Zogenix or Zogenix ex-Territory Distributors before or during the Term, including research data, clinical pharmacology data, CMC data (including analytical and quality control data and stability data), preclinical data, clinical data and all submissions made in association with an IND or MAA filed in or outside the Territory with respect to the Product in the Field, in each case to the extent such data either (a) is Controlled by Zogenix on the Effective Date or (b) comes within a Party's Control during the Term.

Distributor hereby grants Zogenix an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid-up, exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses to use such Data solely generated and co-owned by Distributor outside of the Territory and a co-exclusive license in the Territory upon expiration or termination of the Agreement.

Distributor hereby grants Zogenix an irrevocable, perpetual, world-wide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses under such Distributor Inventions and any patents or patent applications claiming or disclosing such Distributor Inventions.

Distributor hereby grants Zogenix an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid-up, exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses to use such Data solely generated and co-owned by Distributor outside of the Territory and a co-exclusive license in the Territory upon expiration or termination of the Agreement.

Distributor hereby grants Zogenix an irrevocable, perpetual, world-wide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses under such Distributor Inventions and any patents or patent applications claiming or disclosing such Distributor Inventions.

Distributor hereby grants Zogenix an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid-up, exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses to use such Data solely generated and co-owned by Distributor outside of the Territory and a co-exclusive license in the Territory upon expiration or termination of the Agreement.

Unless this Agreement is terminated by Zogenix under Section 12.2(c), Distributor shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to cooperate with Zogenix and/or its designee to effect a smooth and orderly transition in the registration and Commercialization of the Product in the Field in the Territory during the applicable notice period under Section 12.2 and following the effective date of termination.

Within [***] after receipt of such cessation request, Distributor shall provide Zogenix an estimate of the quantity and shelf life of all Product remaining in Distributor's or its Affiliates' or Sub-distributors' inventory, and Zogenix shall have the right to purchase any such quantities of Product from Distributor at a price mutually agreed by the Parties.

In the event that Zogenix terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 12.2(c) or Distributor terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 12.2(d), or after the expiration of this Agreement in accordance with Section 12.1, Zogenix shall negotiate in good faith with Distributor a license agreement for Distributor to make, use and sell the Product in the Field in the Territory under the Zogenix Technology, Zogenix Trademarks and the Product Trademarks.

Unless this Agreement is terminated by Zogenix under Sections 12.2(f), (g)(i), (h)(ii), (j)(ii), or (j)(iii), or by Distributor under Sections 12.2(d), (g), or (l), or terminated automatically under Section 12.2(k), Distributor shall continue, to the extent that Distributor continues to have Product inventory, to fulfill orders received from customers for Product in the Territory until up to [***] after the date on which Zogenix notifies Distributor in writing that Zogenix has secured an alternative distributor for the Product in the Territory, but in no event for more for than [***] after the effective date of termination.

Unless this Agreement is terminated by Zogenix under Section 12.2(c), at Zogenix's option, which shall be exercised by written notice to Distributor, to the extent permitted under Applicable Laws, Distributor shall assign or cause to be assigned to Zogenix or its designee (or to the extent not so assignable, Distributor shall take all reasonable actions to make available to Zogenix or its designee the benefits of), at Zogenix's cost, all Regulatory Filings and Regulatory Approvals for the Product in the Field in the Territory.

Unless this Agreement is terminated by Zogenix under Section 12.2(c), at the written request of Zogenix, Distributor shall assign to Zogenix any Product-specific Third Party agreements, to the furthest extent possible, provided that such assignment is permitted under the Product-specific agreement or is otherwise agreed by the applicable Third Party.

Zogenix will have the right, upon reasonable prior written notice and during Distributor's regular business hours, to audit Distributor's and its Affiliates' books and records by an independent certified public accounting firm of recognized international standing, and Distributor shall ensure that Zogenix has the right to audit its Sub-distributors' and subcontractors' books and records, to investigation potential violations of any of the representations, warranties or covenants in this Section 10.2, the FCPA or other Applicable Laws or Distributor's compliance policies.

Such records shall be subject to inspection in accordance with Section 7.5.

interest under Section 7.6 for underpaid amounts) shall be made by the Parties to reflect the results of such audit.

Upon reasonable prior written notice, Distributor shall permit an independent, certified public accountant selected by Zogenix and reasonably acceptable to Distributor, which acceptance will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, to audit or inspect those books or records of Distributor and its Affiliates and Sub-distributors that relate to Net Sales for the sole purpose of verifying: (a) the payments due hereunder and payments due under the Supply Agreement; (b) the withholding taxes, if any, required by Applicable Laws to be withheld; and (c) Distributor's compliance with Sections 10.1 and 10.2. Such accountant will disclose to Zogenix only the amount and accuracy of payments reported and actually paid or otherwise payable under this Agreement or the Supply Agreement, and will send a copy of the report to Distributor at the same time it is sent to Zogenix. Prompt adjustments (including

Such audit may be made no more than once each Fiscal Year (unless an audit reveals a violation under this Agreement, in which case an additional audit may be conducted within such Fiscal Year);

Such inspections may be made no more than once each Fiscal Year (unless an audit or inspection reveals a material inaccuracy in reports made under this Agreement, in which case it may be repeated within such Fiscal Year), and during normal business hours, with reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of Distributor's normal business activities.

Not more than once per Fiscal Year or as otherwise agreed by the Parties, and subject to the terms of the applicable agreement between Zogenix and its Third Party manufacturers, Zogenix shall, at Distributor's request, conduct GMP audits of the Third Party manufacturers and, if applicable, exercise such other audit rights that Zogenix may have under such agreements, and shall disclose to Distributor the results of such audits.

Inspections conducted under this Section 7.5 shall be at the expense of Zogenix, unless a variation or error producing an underpayment in amounts payable exceeding [***] of the amount paid for a period covered by the inspection is established, in which case all reasonable costs relating to the inspection for such period shall be paid by Distributor.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER FROM THE OTHER PARTY ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT; provided however, that this Section 10.5 shall not be construed to limit (a) either Party's right to special, incidental or consequential damages for the other Party's breach of Article 8 or (b) either Party's indemnification rights or obligations under Article 11.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER FROM THE OTHER PARTY ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT; provided however, that this Section 10.5 shall not be construed to limit (a) either Party's right to special, incidental or consequential damages for the other Party's breach of Article 8 or (b) either Party's indemnification rights or obligations under Article 11.

Neither Party will be liable to the other for Indirect Losses in connection with any recall or withdrawal pursuant to this Section.

Each Party, at its own expense, shall maintain product liability and other appropriate insurance (or self- insure) in an amount consistent with industry standards during the Term.

Each Party shall provide a certificate of insurance (or evidence of self-insurance) evidencing such coverage to the other Party upon written request.

Zogenix shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Distributor (i) if Distributor or any of its Affiliates or Sub-distributors, directly or indirectly through any Third Party, commences any interference or opposition proceeding with respect to, challenges the validity or enforceability of, or opposes any extension of or the grant of a supplementary protection certificate with respect to, any Zogenix Patent (or any related Patent owned or controlled by Zogenix outside the Territory); (ii) if Zogenix determines that Distributor or its Affiliates or Sub- distributors are, or have caused or shall cause any Zogenix Indemnitee to be, in violation of the FCPA or any other Applicable Laws; or (iii) if Zogenix decides to withdraw the Product from the market in the Territory or otherwise believes that the promotion of the Product in the Field in the Territory presents a substantial risk of harm or injury to consumers which risk is unacceptable according to established principles of medical ethics.

Distributor shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, (i) use, seek to register, or otherwise claim rights in any Trademark that is confusingly similar to, misleading or deceptive with respect to, or that materially dilutes, any of the Zogenix Trademarks, or (ii) knowingly do, cause to be done, or knowingly omit to do any act, the doing, causing or omitting of which endangers, undermines, impairs, destroys or similarly affects, in any material respect, the validity or strength of any of the Zogenix Trademarks (including any registration or pending registration application relating thereto) or the value of the goodwill pertaining to any of the Zogenix Trademarks.

Distributor acknowledges Zogenix's exclusive ownership of the Product Trademarks and agrees not to take any action inconsistent with such ownership.

Distributor shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, (i) use, seek to register, or otherwise claim rights in the Territory in any Trademark that is confusingly similar to, misleading or deceptive with respect to, or that materially dilutes, any of the Product Trademarks, or (ii) knowingly do, cause to be done, or knowingly omit to do any act, the doing, causing or omitting of which endangers, undermines, impairs, destroys or similarly affects, in any material respect, the validity or strength of any of the Product Trademarks (including any registration or pending registration application relating thereto) or the value of the goodwill pertaining to any of the Product Trademarks.

Distributor acknowledges Zogenix's exclusive ownership of the Zogenix Trademarks and agrees not to take any action inconsistent with such ownership.

CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

VerticalNet

(each a "Party" and together the "Parties").

LeadersOnline

VerticalNet, Inc.

LeadersOnline, Inc.

March 15, 2000

March 15, 2000

Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)

LeadersOnline shall have the option, subject to VerticalNet's approval exercised in its sole  and absolute discretion, to extend the Term of this Agreement for an additional 12 months (a "Renewal Term") on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties.

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.

VerticalNet agrees that during the term of this Agreement, it shall not enter into an agreement with Futurestep, Inc. to provide promotional opportunities to Futurestep throughout all of the VerticalNet Online Communities, nor enter into any agreement with Futurestep, Inc. for the joint marketing of each other's Sites or services.

which consent may be withheld at the other Party's reasonable business discretion; provided, however, that VerticalNet may transfer this Agreement without the prior written consent of LeadersOnline to an Affiliate of VerticalNet, or to the surviving Party in a merger or consolidation, or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of its assets.

Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither Party shall transfer, assign or cede any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of the other Party,

If government regulations prevent LeadersOnline from sharing any revenues associated with LeadersOnline Services, VerticalNet and LeadersOnline shall negotiate in good faith a compensation structure that seeks to provide VerticalNet with compensation equal to that set forth in Sections 6.3.1  [Revenue Sharing].

LeadersOnline shall pay VerticalNet a one time fee for each Candidate who is offered and accepts employment as a result of a contact made by LeadersOnline (each a "Placement").

such revenue was received by LeadersOnline.

LeadersOnline shall pay VerticalNet *** percent (***%) of LeadersOnline- VerticalNet Revenue, payable to VerticalNet  on or before the fifteenth day of  the calendar month immediately following the month in which

During the Term of this Agreement, LeadersOnline agrees to purchase from VerticalNet Banners and Newsletter Ads for a total price of at least *** ($***).

Effective Date (prorated for any partial quarters) until a total of $*** have been purchased, provided, the total dollar amount purchased by LeadersOnline in any calendar quarter shall not consist of greater than ***% (in dollars) of either Banners or Newsletter Ads until a total of $*** has been purchased.

LeadersOnline agrees to purchase at least *** ($***) of such Banners and Newsletter Ads in each calendar quarter after the

VerticalNet agrees to guarantee that, during the initial Term of this Agreement, LeadersOnline shall earn LeadersOnline- VerticalNet Revenue of at least *** Dollars ($***) (the "Guaranteed Amount"), subject to the provisions of this Section 6.5  [Guaranteed Revenues].

In addition, as part of the purchase commitment set forth in Section 3.1  [Purchase Commitment], VerticalNet shall provide LeadersOnline up to $*** worth of Banner placements on the Home Page of other VerticalNet Sites of LeadersOnline's choice.

Upon termination of the Agreement, VerticalNet and LeadersOnline shall jointly own all User Data.

LeadersOnline hereby grants VerticalNet a non- exclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free right and license for the Term of this Agreement to use, copy or modify the LeadersOnline Mark, text describing LeadersOnline and the URL address of the LeadersOnline Site for the design and display of the LeadersOnline Employer Spotlights, provided, VerticalNet shall not alter the appearance of the LeadersOnline Mark without the consent of LeadersOnline.

VerticalNet hereby grants LeadersOnline a non-exclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free right and license for the Term of this Agreement to utilize a VerticalNet Mark in a form approved by VerticalNet for the design and display of  the VerticalNet Branded Link.

VerticalNet hereby grants to LeadersOnline a non- exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free right and license to link to the VerticalNet Site.

Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5.2  [Restrictions] hereof, VerticalNet hereby grants to LeadersOnline a non-exclusive, nontransferable right and license to access the Resume Bank.

LeadersOnline hereby grants VerticalNet a non- exclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free right and license for the Term of this Agreement to use, copy or modify the LeadersOnline Mark, text describing LeadersOnline and the URL address of the LeadersOnline Site for the design and display of the LeadersOnline Employer Spotlights, provided, VerticalNet shall not alter the appearance of the LeadersOnline Mark without the consent of LeadersOnline.

VerticalNet hereby grants LeadersOnline a non-exclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free right and license for the Term of this Agreement to utilize a VerticalNet Mark in a form approved by VerticalNet for the design and display of  the VerticalNet Branded Link.

VerticalNet hereby grants to LeadersOnline a non- exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free right and license to link to the VerticalNet Site.

Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5.2  [Restrictions] hereof, VerticalNet hereby grants to LeadersOnline a non-exclusive, nontransferable right and license to access the Resume Bank.

VerticalNet shall give reasonable advance notice to LeadersOnline of such audit and each audit shall be conducted in a manner that does not cause unreasonable disruption to the conduct of business by LeadersOnline.

During the 12 month period following the payment of any amount due under this Article 6, VerticalNet or its representative shall have the right to audit LeadersOnline's financial and other pertinent records relating to such payment in order to verify the amount of the payments owed and/or paid.

OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Except for claims under Sections 11.4  [Indemnification by LeadersOnline] and 11.5  [Indemnification by VerticalNet] hereof, neither Party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising out of or related to

this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or misrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues or becomes known, whichever is later.

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF ARTICLE 9 OR SECTION 10.1.4  [Representations and Warranties] (v) AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF LEADERSONLINE UNDER SECTION 11.4(i)(c)  [Indemnification by LeadersOnline] AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF VERTICALNET UNDER SECTION 11.5(i)(c)  [Indemnification by VerticalNet], NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY

OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Except for claims under Sections 11.4  [Indemnification by LeadersOnline] and 11.5  [Indemnification by VerticalNet] hereof, neither Party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising out of or related to

this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or misrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues or becomes known, whichever is later.

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF ARTICLE 9 OR SECTION 10.1.4  [Representations and Warranties] (v) AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF LEADERSONLINE UNDER SECTION 11.4(i)(c)  [Indemnification by LeadersOnline] AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF VERTICALNET UNDER SECTION 11.5(i)(c)  [Indemnification by VerticalNet], NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY

In addition, LeadersOnline shall not now or in the future contest the validity of VerticalNet's ownership of its Intellectual Property; provided, however, that LeadersOnline may contest the validity of VerticalNet's Intellectual Property in any proceeding brought against LeadersOnline alleging infringement or misappropriation of VerticalNet's Intellectual Property.

In addition, VerticalNet shall not now or in the future contest the validity of LeadersOnline's ownership of its Intellectual Property; provided, however, that VerticalNet may contest the validity of LeadersOnline's Intellectual Property in any proceeding brought against VerticalNet alleging infringement or misappropriation of LeadersOnline's Intellectual Property.

BLOCKCHAIN ADMINISTRATION AND DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

Fund

ARCA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC

ARCA U.S. TREASURY FUND,

Blockchain Administrator

[___], 2020

This Agreement shall become effective as of the first date above written

This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.

This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts formed and to be performed entirely within the State of New York, without regard to conflict of laws principles, and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Investment Fund Act.

This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its "assignment" (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 15(a) (4) of the Investment Fund Act).

In full consideration of the provision of the services of the Blockchain Administrator set forth herein, the Fund shall pay the Blockchain Administrator a fees calculated at the annual rate of 0.20% of the value of the Fund's average annual net assets.

First Amendment

BioAmber

BioAmber S.A.S.

Cargill

Cargill, Incorporated

7/18/11

July 5, 2011

Support and Maintenance Agreement

XACCT Technologies, Inc.

XACCT

_______________________________

Licensee

the ____ day of _______________2000

the ____ day of _______________2000

The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of          delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in          accordance with this Agreement.

The Agreement will be automatically          renewed for additional one (1) year terms (subject to applicable fee          adjustments) unless thirty (30) days prior to the anniversary of the          Effective Date Licensee gives written notice to XACCT of its intention          not to renew.

The Agreement will be automatically          renewed for additional one (1) year terms (subject to applicable fee          adjustments) unless thirty (30) days prior to the anniversary of the          Effective Date Licensee gives written notice to XACCT of its intention          not to renew.

The laws of the State of California          shall govern all issues arising under or relating to this Agreement,          without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.

XACCT'S SOLE LIABILITY AND LICENSEE'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY          FOR DAMAGES WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCT MAINTENANCE SHALL BE AS SET FORTH          IN THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE,          SHALL XACCT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL          DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS          OF DATA, OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES,          ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF THE PRODUCT AND          DOCUMENTATION EVEN IF XACCT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH          DAMAGES OR LOSSES.

XACCT'S SOLE LIABILITY AND LICENSEE'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY          FOR DAMAGES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUPPORT SERVICES UNDER ANY CONTRACT,          TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, SHALL BE          LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY LICENSEE FOR THE SUPPORT SERVICES FOR THE          PRIOR 12 MONTHS.

License and Hosting Agreement

CHANGEPOINT

Changepoint, Inc.

CORIO

Corio Inc.

December 13, 1999

December 13, 1999

This Agreement shall be effective on the Effective Date and shall terminate in accordance with this Article.

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date          and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in          full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.

Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for subsequent one          (1) year periods unless either party provides the other party with          written notification at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration          of the initial five (5) year term or any one (1) year renewal thereof          of its intention to terminate this Agreement.

Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for subsequent one          (1) year periods unless either party provides the other party with          written notification at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration          of the initial five (5) year term or any one (1) year renewal thereof          of its intention to terminate this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in                       accordance with the laws of the State of New York without                       reference to its conflict or choice of law rules or                       principles.

This Agreement shall be governed by          the laws of the State of California, USA, excluding conflict of laws          provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on          Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.

During the term of this Agreement, Corio agrees not          to provide the Software in connection with Corio Services or distribute          the Software under Section 2.5 of this Agreement to the following          companies or their subsidiaries: ***. Corio and Changepoint agree that          on an semi-annual basis, this list of companies will be reviewed by          the parties and each party agrees that its consent to the other          party's request for changes to this list (additions and deletions)          will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Neither party may assign this Agreement or any rights or          obligations hereunder, whether by operation of law or otherwise,          without the prior written consent of the other party.

Any assignment in          violation of this Section 14.1 shall be null and void.

Customer may assign this Agreement without Changepoint's consent (i) to an Affiliate of Customer; or (ii) to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Customer's assets. Otherwise, neither this Agreement nor any rights granted hereby may be transferred or assigned by Customer to any other person without Changepoint's prior written consent, (such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), and any such attempted assignment shall be null and void.

In consideration for the licenses granted to Corio          pursuant to Section 2 (except Section 2.5) of this Agreement, Corio          shall pay the revenue sharing fees specified in EXHIBIT B hereto.

The Annual               Maintenance Fee is 18% of the undiscounted License Fees due to               Changepoint hereunder and is payable annually in advance.

REVENUE SHARING FEES:

1.       Corio Customer Application Management Revenue:

         Corio to pay Changepoint *** of all Application          Management Revenue from Corio Customers for use of Changepoint Software          subject to the following limitations.

                A.  The Corio invoice amounts used to calculate the revenues                     subject to this revenue share shall not include Professional                     Service fees or Network access fees.

                B.  These Application Management Revenue fees shall begin                     accruing when the Corio Customer first commences making                     payments to Corio for the Corio Services.

         Software support and maintenance fees are included in the 10% Revenue          Sharing Fee.

Software Support and Maintenance          shall automatically continue during the term of this Agreement and          thereafter for the remaining term of any contracts Corio has with its          Customers to continue providing the Corio Services, provided that Corio          continues to pay the revenue sharing fees as provided in EXHIBIT B          hereto.

Corio shall not demonstrate the Software to any          one Customer for more than sixty (60) days from the start of that          Customer demonstration, and Corio shall not demonstrate the Software to          more than ten (10) Software Users at any one time.

All changes, modifications and enhancements or          derivative works made to the Software or Documentation by Corio or          Changepoint, or jointly by the parties, shall be owned by Changepoint,          including all copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, trademarks and          other intellectual property rights therein.

Ownership of any works to be created jointly by the          parties, including all copyrights, patents, trade secret rights,          trademarks and other intellectual property rights therein, shall be          decided by the parties at the commencement of such joint efforts.

Customer is granted an unlimited number of Client Access Licenses.

During the term of this Agreement, each party          authorizes the other party to display and use the other's trademarks,          trade names and logos (collectively, the "TRADEMARKS") in connection          with that party's sale, advertisement, service and promotion of the          Corio Services or the Software.

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement including the provisions of Article 8, Changepoint hereby grants to Customer and Customer hereby accepts from Changepoint the perpetual, personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive Software Licenses to use the Licensed Software for Customer's internal business purposes.

Upon the release of the Source Code to Corio pursuant to          Section 12.2 of this Agreement, Corio shall have a royalty-free,          nonexclusive, nontransferable, right and license at its head office to          use and modify the Source Code to support and maintain the Software          until the expiration or termination of Corio's Customers' License          Agreements for the Corio Services.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this          Agreement, Changepoint grants to Corio a nonexclusive, nontransferable          (except in accordance with Section 14.1 of this Agreement),          royalty-free, fully paid up license in the Territory to reproduce,          install and use additional copies of the Software, Documentation, and          Software tools and utilities if any, subject to any restrictions placed          on the Changepoint by third party software providers and payment of any          applicable fees required by such third parties, in machine executable          object code for production, testing, development, upgrade, reporting          and training for the purpose of allowing the Software to be made          available to Customers as part of the Corio Services.

Corio shall have the right to resell licenses for          the Software to any Corio Customer according to the terms and          conditions of Changepoint's standard Distribution Agreement          ("Changepoint's Distribution Agreement").

Subject to the terms and conditions of this          Agreement, Changepoint hereby grants to Corio a fee-bearing,          irrevocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable (except in accordance with          Section 14.1 of this Agreement) license in the Territory to (i)          reproduce the Software in machine executable object code format only          for installation on the Corio Servers; (ii) install multiple copies of          the Software on Corio's Servers which will be made remotely accessible          to Corio's Customers for their internal business purposes, (iii) permit          limited access to and use of the Software by Customers through Corio          Servers solely for such Customer's internal business purposes; (iv)          sublicense an unlimited number of Customers to access and use the          Software only through the installation on Corio Servers solely for such          Customer's internal business purposes; and (v) use Changepoint's tools          and utilities, if any, subject to any restrictions placed on the          Changepoint by third party software providers and payment of any          applicable fees required by such third parties, to configure, integrate          and manage the Software. Corio shall not authorize Customers to          download or reproduce the Software for use except as necessary in          connection with the Corio Services.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this          Agreement, Changepoint hereby grants to Corio a nonexclusive,          nontransferable (except in accordance with Section 14.1 of this          Agreement) royalty-free, fully paid up right and license in the          Territory, on Corio Servers, to make a reasonable number of copies of          the Demonstration Software solely for demonstration purposes to          potential Customers.

Changepoint grants to Corio a nonexclusive, nontransferable (except in

Changepoint grants to Corio a nonexclusive, nontransferable (except in          accordance with Section 14.1 of this Agreement), royalty-free, fully





         paid-up license to install and use the Software, Documentation, and          Software tools and utilities if any, for an unlimited number of Corio          users, subject to any restrictions placed on the Changepoint by third          party software providers and payment of any applicable fees required by          such third parties, in machine executable object code for Corio's          internal business purposes.

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement including the provisions of Article 8, Changepoint hereby grants to Customer and Customer hereby accepts from Changepoint the perpetual, personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive Software Licenses to use the Licensed Software for Customer's internal business purposes.

Upon the release of the Source Code to Corio pursuant to          Section 12.2 of this Agreement, Corio shall have a royalty-free,          nonexclusive, nontransferable, right and license at its head office to          use and modify the Source Code to support and maintain the Software          until the expiration or termination of Corio's Customers' License          Agreements for the Corio Services.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this          Agreement, Changepoint grants to Corio a nonexclusive, nontransferable          (except in accordance with Section 14.1 of this Agreement),          royalty-free, fully paid up license in the Territory to reproduce,          install and use additional copies of the Software, Documentation, and          Software tools and utilities if any, subject to any restrictions placed          on the Changepoint by third party software providers and payment of any          applicable fees required by such third parties, in machine executable          object code for production, testing, development, upgrade, reporting          and training for the purpose of allowing the Software to be made          available to Customers as part of the Corio Services.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this          Agreement, Changepoint hereby grants to Corio a nonexclusive,          nontransferable (except in accordance with Section 14.1 of this          Agreement) royalty-free, fully paid up right and license in the          Territory, on Corio Servers, to make a reasonable number of copies of          the Demonstration Software solely for demonstration purposes to          potential Customers.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this          Agreement, Changepoint hereby grants to Corio a fee-bearing,          irrevocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable (except in accordance with          Section 14.1 of this Agreement) license in the Territory to (i)          reproduce the Software in machine executable object code format only          for installation on the Corio Servers; (ii) install multiple copies of          the Software on Corio's Servers which will be made remotely accessible          to Corio's Customers for their internal business purposes, (iii) permit          limited access to and use of the Software by Customers through Corio          Servers solely for such Customer's internal business purposes; (iv)          sublicense an unlimited number of Customers to access and use the          Software only through the installation on Corio Servers solely for such          Customer's internal business purposes; and (v) use Changepoint's tools          and utilities, if any, subject to any restrictions placed on the          Changepoint by third party software providers and payment of any          applicable fees required by such third parties, to configure, integrate          and manage the Software.

Customer is granted an unlimited number of Client Access Licenses.

Changepoint grants to Corio a nonexclusive, nontransferable (except in          accordance with Section 14.1 of this Agreement), royalty-free, fully





         paid-up license to install and use the Software, Documentation, and          Software tools and utilities if any, for an unlimited number of Corio          users, subject to any restrictions placed on the Changepoint by third          party software providers and payment of any applicable fees required by          such third parties, in machine executable object code for Corio's          internal business purposes.

The Components of the CHANGEPOINT Software which are licensed to          Customer hereunder are the following: CHANGEPOINT, SQL edition, version          5.2, for an unlimited number of users, including the following modules:          - Service Delivery Management          - Project and Resource Management          - Customer Relationship Management

The utilization rights of Customer are as follows:

         (a)  Customer is granted an unlimited number of Client Access Licenses.               Each Client Access License entitles Customer to receive one (1)               Enable Code from Changepoint which will enable Customer to have               one (1) user use the Licensed Materials.

         (b)  Customer may install Licensed Software on one or more computer               servers as it desires.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this          Agreement, Changepoint hereby grants to Corio a fee-bearing,          irrevocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable (except in accordance with          Section 14.1 of this Agreement) license in the Territory to (i)          reproduce the Software in machine executable object code format only          for installation on the Corio Servers; (ii) install multiple copies of          the Software on Corio's Servers which will be made remotely accessible          to Corio's Customers for their internal business purposes, (iii) permit          limited access to and use of the Software by Customers through Corio          Servers solely for such Customer's internal business purposes; (iv)          sublicense an unlimited number of Customers to access and use the          Software only through the installation on Corio Servers solely for such          Customer's internal business purposes; and (v) use Changepoint's tools          and utilities, if any, subject to any restrictions placed on the          Changepoint by third party software providers and payment of any          applicable fees required by such third parties, to configure, integrate          and manage the Software.

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement including the provisions of Article 8, Changepoint hereby grants to Customer and Customer hereby accepts from Changepoint the perpetual, personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive Software Licenses to use the Licensed Software for Customer's internal business purposes.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this          Agreement, Changepoint hereby grants to Corio a fee-bearing,          irrevocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable (except in accordance with          Section 14.1 of this Agreement) license in the Territory to (i)          reproduce the Software in machine executable object code format only          for installation on the Corio Servers; (ii) install multiple copies of          the Software on Corio's Servers which will be made remotely accessible          to Corio's Customers for their internal business purposes, (iii) permit          limited access to and use of the Software by Customers through Corio          Servers solely for such Customer's internal business purposes; (iv)          sublicense an unlimited number of Customers to access and use the          Software only through the installation on Corio Servers solely for such          Customer's internal business purposes; and (v) use Changepoint's tools          and utilities, if any, subject to any restrictions placed on the          Changepoint by third party software providers and payment of any          applicable fees required by such third parties, to configure, integrate          and manage the Software.

Corio          shall bear all fees, expenses and other charges to open and maintain          such escrow account.

Corio shall notify Changepoint in writing if it believes that          one of the following events (the "RELEASE CONDITIONS") has occurred and          that it intends to seek release of the Source Code from the escrow          account: (i) Changepoint's dissolution or ceasing to do business in the          normal course, except as a result or a merger, amalgamation or sale of          all or a substantial part of the assets of Changepoint, or (ii)          Changepoint's repeated and material breach of Changepoint's Software          Support and Maintenance obligations defined under Section 5 of this          Agreement and EXHIBIT C pertaining to the correction of programming





         errors and such breach is not cured within sixty (60) days of receipt          of written notice thereof from Corio.

This

Within sixty (60) days of the Effective Date,          Changepoint agrees to execute an escrow agreement by and among Corio,          Changepoint and a mutually acceptable escrow agent (the "ESCROW          AGENT").

If a Release Condition (as defined in Section 12.2          of this Agreement) occurs and the Escrow Agent provides the Source Code          to Corio under the escrow agreement, Corio agrees to hold the Source          Code in strict confidence, and not to use the Source Code for any          purpose other than those purposes set forth under Section 12.3 of this          Agreement.

source code escrow shall survive any termination or expiration of          this Agreement for the remaining term of any contracts Corio has          with such Customers to continue providing the Corio Services.

The Escrow Agent shall require Changepoint to place in an          escrow account in Toronto a copy of the source code of the Software          including all Updates and Upgrades thereto, documentation and similar          materials (the "SOURCE CODE").

Subject to          Corio's payment of the Software revenue sharing fees as set forth in          EXHIBIT B hereto and the Software Support and Maintenance fee as          provided in Section 2.5 of this Agreement, Changepoint's Software          Support and Maintenance obligation shall continue after termination or          expiration of this Agreement with respect to all Software Users granted          access to the Software prior to termination or expiration of this          Agreement for the remaining duration of each such Software Users'          rights to use the Software pursuant to agreements between Corio and its          Customers.

Subject to Corio's payment of the Software support and          maintenance fee as set forth in this Section 2.5, Changepoint's          Software Support and Maintenance obligation with respect to Software          distributed by Corio pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall continue after          termination or expiration of this Agreement with respect to all          Software Users granted access to the Software prior to termination or          expiration of this Agreement, for the remaining duration of each such          Software Users' rights to use the Software pursuant to agreements          between Corio and its Customers.

Changepoint's independent certified auditors will have the right,       exercisable not more than once every twelve (12) months, to inspect upon       reasonable notice and during End User's regular business hours, End User's       relevant records to verify End User's compliance with the terms of this       Agreement and/or Changepoint's compliance with its obligations to       Changepoint.

In addition,          if any such inspection reveals an underpayment of more than five          percent (5%) for the period under audit, Corio shall reimburse          Changepoint for the reasonable cost of the examination.

Such books and records shall be kept for at least three (3)          years following the end of the calendar month to which they pertain,          and shall be open for inspection by an independent certified public          accountant reasonably acceptable to Corio, and made subject to Corio's          standard non-disclosure agreement, for the sole purpose of verifying          the amounts payable to Changepoint under this Agreement.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING UNDER          SECTIONS 2.7, 8, 10 AND 12.3 OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL          EITHER PARTY HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST          PROFITS OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR          FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTIAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES          HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY AND WHETHER OR NOT          SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING UNDER SECTIONS 2.7, 8, 10 AND 12.3 OF THIS          AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR          RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE          EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY CORIO HEREUNDER FOR THE          TRANSACTION WHICH THE LIABILITY RELATES TO DURING THE TWELVE (12)          MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE CAUSE OF

ACTION FIRST ARISING, EVEN IF IT IS A CONTINUOUS ONE, OR IN THE          AGGREGATE, WITH RESPECT OF ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO          THIS AGREEMENT, THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY CORIO UNDER THIS          AGREEMENT TO CHANGEPOINT.

Changepoint's sole          liability under this Section 7.4 is limited to use of reasonable          efforts to correct or replace the defective Software with conforming          Software, and if neither of the foregoing are commercially practicable,          as determined by Changepoint in its reasonable discretion, Changepoint          may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and refund all prepaid          fees, if any. The foregoing are Corio's sole and exclusive remedies for          breach of this Year 2000 warranty and Changepoint's sole obligation.

The Warranty Period for the Licensed Software shall mean the period          commencing on the Effective Date and ending ninety (90) days          thereafter.

CHANGEPOINT'S, LIABILITY UNDER SUCH AGREEMENT FOR DIRECT,       INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL AND/OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND,       INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, RESTITUTION, WILL NOT, IN ANY EVENT, EXCEED       THE FEE PAID BY END USER TO CHANGEPOINT UNDER SUCH AGREEMENT.

Neither party may bring an action, regardless of form, arising out of or related to this Agreement (other than to recover License Fees or Maintenance Fees) more than two (2) years after the cause of action has arisen or the date of discovery of such cause, whichever is later.

Changepoint will replace          any defective media returned to Changepoint during the Warranty Period.          In the event any such breach of warranty can not be reasonably          corrected at Changepoint's sole expense, Corio has the right to





         terminate this Agreement and receive a

IN NO EVENT WILL CHANGEPOINT BE LIABLE UNDER SUCH       AGREEMENT FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION,       LOSS OF DATA, COST OF COVER OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR       CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THE       FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES PERFORMED       HEREUNDER, WHETHER ALLEGED AS A BREACH OF CONTRACT OR TORTIOUS CONDUCT,       INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, EVEN IF CHANGEPOINT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE       POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Changepoint warrants that during the Warranty Period: (i) the Licensed Software will conform substantially to the description thereof in the Documentation, and (ii) the media upon which the Licensed Software and Documentation are provided will be free from defects in materials and workmanship.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING UNDER          SECTIONS 2.7, 8, 10 AND 12.3 OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL          EITHER PARTY HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST          PROFITS OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR          FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTIAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES          HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY AND WHETHER OR NOT          SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

refund of all prepaid fees, if any. The foregoing are Corio's sole          and exclusive remedies for breach of the foregoing product warranty.

FOR ANY BREACH OR DEFAULT BY CHANGEPOINT OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM ARISING HEREFROM OR RELATED HERETO, EXCEPT FOR ANY CLAIM FOR BREACH OF SECTION 5.2 (UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION), OR FOR BREACH OF SECTION 6.4(A) (INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNITY), CHANGEPOINT'S ENTIRE LIABILITY, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT OR TORT, INCLUDING

                                       32

NEGLIGENCE, SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED (I) THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER HEREUNDER FOR THE LICENSED MATERIALS, (II) THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER FOR THE MAINTENANCE SERVICE THAT IS THE SUBJECT OF THE CLAIM IF THE CLAIM RELATES TO A BREACH OR DEFAULT BY CHANGEPOINT OF THE PROVISIONS OF ARTICLE 7, (III) THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER FOR THE INSTALLATION SERVICE THAT IS THE SUBJECT OF THE CLAIM IF THE CLAIM RELATES TO A BREACH OR DEFAULT BY CHANGEPOINT OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT PERTAINING TO INSTALLATION SERVICE, OR (IV) IN THE AGGREGATE WITH RESPECT TO ALL CLAIMS UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

(c)      Customer's exclusive remedy and Changepoint's sole obligation with respect to the breach of any of the foregoing warranties is for Changepoint to (i) make commercially reasonable efforts to correct or provide Customer with a workaround for the failure of the Licensed Software to conform substantially to the description thereof in the Documentation or to comply with the Y2K Warranty, as the case may be, or, at Changepoint's sole option, provide Customer with a refund for the License Fees paid with respect to such Licensed Software, and (ii) provide Customer with replacement media in the event there are defects in materials or workmanship in the media upon which the Licensed Software and Documentation are provided if the media is returned to Changepoint within the Warranty Period.

Should the Licensed Materials or any of them become, or in Changepoint's sole opinion be likely to become, the subject of a claim of infringement, misappropriation, or violation of an Intellectual Property Right (an "Infringement Claim") Changepoint may (i) procure for Customer, at no cost to Customer the right to continue to use the Licensed Materials which are the subject of the Infringement Claim (ii) replace or modify the Licensed Materials or part thereof subject to such Infringement Claim with software or documentation of at least comparable functionality, at no cost to Customer, or (iii) if neither of the forgoing alternatives are reasonably practical in Changepoint's sole judgement, remove the component that is the subject of the Infringement Claim or any or all other parts of the Licensed Materials and refund to Customer the License Fees paid by Customer for the part removed as depreciated on a straight line five (5) year basis from the date of delivery of the part to Customer.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING UNDER SECTIONS 2.7, 8, 10 AND 12.3 OF THIS          AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR          RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE          EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY CORIO HEREUNDER FOR THE          TRANSACTION WHICH THE LIABILITY RELATES TO DURING THE TWELVE (12)          MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE CAUSE OF

This Section 6.4 states the entire liability of Changepoint and Customer's sole remedies with respect to any Infringement Claim.

Termination of this          Agreement by Corio for non conformance of the Software to the          Documentation under this Section 3.1 shall, upon a refund of all          fees paid to Changepoint, be Corio's sole and exclusive remedy          against Changepoint for any nonconformance of the Software with the          Documentation.

ACTION FIRST ARISING, EVEN IF IT IS A CONTINUOUS ONE, OR IN THE          AGGREGATE, WITH RESPECT OF ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO          THIS AGREEMENT, THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY CORIO UNDER THIS          AGREEMENT TO CHANGEPOINT.

Changepoint will replace          any defective media returned to Changepoint during the Warranty Period.

Changepoint warrants that during the Warranty Period: (i) the Licensed Software will conform substantially to the description thereof in the Documentation, and (ii) the media upon which the Licensed Software and Documentation are provided will be free from defects in materials and workmanship.

The Warranty Period for the Licensed Software shall mean the period          commencing on the Effective Date and ending ninety (90) days          thereafter.

Changepoint warrants that the Software will perform          in substantial accordance with the Documentation, and the media on          which the Software is distributed will be free from defects in          materials and workmanship under normal use, for a period of one hundred          twenty (120) days after delivery of the Software to Corio for          Acceptance Testing (the "Warranty Period").

Changepoint, Inc. ("Changepoint") shall be a       direct and intended third-party beneficiary to this Agreement.

Manufacturing and Supply Agreement

Establishment Labs, S.A

Apollo Endosurgery

APOLLO

APOLLO and ESTABLISHMENT shall hereinafter be individually referred to as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

ESTABLISHMENT

this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

Effective Date" shall mean December 5, 2014.

Effective Date" shall mean December 5, 2014.

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated

by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated

by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated

by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.

Notwithstanding its place of execution or performance, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, irrespective of its laws regarding choice or conflict of laws.

Neither Party shall have the right to assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, APOLLO may assign the Agreement to and may, without the

prior consent of ESTABLISHMENT, assign all of its rights under this Agreement to (i) a parent or subsidiary of Apollo, (ii) a purchaser of all or substantially all the Apollo assets related to this Agreement, or (iii) a third party acquiring control of Apollo through a merger, acquisition, sale of assets or other corporate reorganization.

 Minimum yearly purchases of [***] units on each contract year.

ESTABLISHMENT shall permit APOLLO and its agents, during business hours and upon notice to ESTABLISHMENT, to inspect the Facilities where the Product is manufactured, handled, stored or tested, as well as all processes relating to the manufacture, handling, storage, or testing of the Product, as well as all test records regarding the Product.

EXCEPT FOR BREACHES OR VIOLATIONS OF ARTICLE 9, OR INDEMNITY LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER THIS ARTICLE 8, OR CASES OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, REVENUES OR PROFITS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS OR CLAIMS AGAINST EITHER PARTY OR ITS CUSTOMERS BY ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE PARTY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT FOR BREACHES OR VIOLATIONS OF ARTICLE 9, OR INDEMNITY LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER THIS ARTICLE 8, OR CASES OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, REVENUES OR PROFITS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS OR CLAIMS AGAINST EITHER PARTY OR ITS CUSTOMERS BY ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE PARTY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

APOLLO has the right to reject, via written notification to ESTABLISHMENT within this thirty (30) day period, any or all of a shipment of Product that fails to satisfy any warranty in this Agreement and may reject all of a given Lot of Product if a statistical sample does not meet the Specifications.

ESTABLISHMENT, at its sole cost and expense, will maintain appropriate insurance including, but not limited to, Commercial General Liability Insurance with premises, operations coverage including Person Injury/Property Damage coverage, with limits of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence. As of January 1, 2015, such insurance shall also have annual aggregate limits not less than $2,000,000. Evidence of insurance indicating such coverage will be delivered to APOLLO upon request. The evidence will (a) indicate that the policy will not change or terminate without at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice to APOLLO, (b) APOLLO shall be listed as an additional insured on the commercial general liability policy.

JOINT VENTURE AGREEMEN

individually and collectively the Joint Venture Participants "JVP"

SIMPLY HERBAL

MJ Syndicated, Inc.

27th day of November 2018

The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.

The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.

By this Agreement the Participants enter into a general Joint Venture (the "Joint Venture") in accordance with the laws of The State of Florida.

interest to the Joint Venture without the unanimous written consent of the remaining Participants.

No Participant will engage in any business, venture or transaction, whether directly or indirectly, that might be competitive with the business of the Joint Venture or that would be in direct conflict of

Any Participant will have the right to voluntarily withdraw from the Joint Venture at any time

Written notice of intention to withdraw must be served in writing upon the remaining Participants at least Thirty (30) business days prior to the withdrawal date.

Title to all Joint Venture Property will remain in the name of the Joint Venture.

Each Participant must account to the Joint Venture for any benefit derived by that Participant without the consent of the other Participants from any transaction concerning the Joint Venture or any use by that Participant of the Joint Venture property, name or business connection.

This duty continues to apply to any transactions undertaken after the Joint Venture has been dissolved but before the affairs of the Joint Venture have been completely wound up by the surviving Participant or Participants or their agent or agents.

Accurate and complete books of account of the transactions of the Joint Venture will be kept in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and at all reasonable times will be available and open to inspection and examination by any Participant.

Any of the Participants will have the right to request an audit of the Joint Venture books.

Not more than one (1) audit will be required by any or all of the Participants for any fiscal year.

The audit will be performed by an accounting firm acceptable to all the Participants.

The cost of the audit will be borne by the Joint Venture.

A Participant will not be liable to the Joint Venture, or to any other Participant, for any mistake or error in judgment or for any act or omission done in good faith and believed to be within the scope of authority conferred or implied by this Agreement or the Joint Venture.

The Joint Venture may acquire insurance on behalf of any Participant, employee, agent or other person engaged in the business interest of the Joint Venture against any liability asserted against them or incurred by them while acting in good faith on behalf of the Joint Venture.

Cooperation Agreement

Party B

Party A

Shenzhen iDreamSky Technology Co., Ltd.

Dazzle Interactive Network Technologies Co., Ltd

January 1, 2013

This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.

This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.

As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.

Upon the expiry of this Agreement, this Agreement may be renewed automatically for one year (but can only be renewed once) if neither Party raises objection.

Party B shall not advertise, or make any statement favorable for, any competitor having the same or similar business scope as Party A in the services it provides.

In case of division or merger of Party B, this Agreement shall terminate, and the successor company (or other entity) to Party B's wireless value added business hereunder shall re-apply for business opening to Party A, and timely modify Party B's enterprise identifier code and other information existing on Party A's business system or other business management system.

During the term hereof, any division, merger, dissolution, liquidation, bankruptcy or other events that lead to changes of Party B in the company nature, qualification and capacity for civil acts shall be notified to Party A in time, and subject to the provisions hereunder about the exit grace period.

Except otherwise expressly agreed between the parties or agreed by Party A beforehand, Party B shall not transfer any cooperation business to a third party in any form whatsoever.

Any transfer in violation hereof shall be deemed as a breach by Party B, for which Party B shall take relevant breaching liability and Party A may terminate this Agreement, suspend fee settlement and require Party B to undertake any direct or indirect loss thus caused.

After the bad debt provisions and the part allocated to the fee collection agent are deducted from the total revenue, Party B will obtain 40% of the remaining revenue (total revenue * (1 - bad debt rate) * (1 - sharing percentage for fee collection channel) * 40%)

Party A will deduct the expenses for fee collection at 15% (or the actual fee collection expense rate if such actual rate exceeds 15%) as provided in the agreement executed with the fee collection agent.

If the game package only includes multiple console games:

Based on the amount of downloads of the console games, the sharing percentage among all CSPs in the package shall be calculated as follows:

Total income of game package * (1 - bad debt rate) * (1 - sharing percentage for fee collection channel) *50% * (number of downloads of such CSP's online game/aggregate number of downloads of all console games contained in the game package)

Party A will deduct the expenses for fee collection at the percentage provided in the agreement executed with the fee collection agent (the current sharing percentage of China Telecom is 15%, and the sharing percentage of other fee collection channels shall be calculated as actually incurred).

After the bad debt provisions and the part allocated to the fee collection agent are deducted from the total revenue (total revenue * (1 - bad debt rate) * (1 - sharing percentage for fee collection channel)), Party A, on the one side, and all content providers participating in such access bundle sales, favorable package or other packaged promotional activities, on the other side, shall share the income at a ratio of 50%:50% (Party A: all content providers participating in such business). Party B and all the other content providers participating in such business shall share such 50% of income according to the proportion of the usage of their business to the total usage.

After the bad debt provisions and the part allocated to the fee collection agent are deducted from the total revenue, Party B will obtain 70% of the remaining revenue (total revenue * (1 - bad debt rate) * (1 - sharing percentage for fee collection channel) * 70%).

Based on the amount of logons of the online games, the sharing percentage among all CSPs in the package shall be calculated as follows:

Total income of game package * (1 - bad debt rate) * (1 - sharing percentage for fee collection channel) *50% * (logons of such CSP's online game/sum of logons of all online games contained in the game package)

If Party A discovers in its spot checks conducted from time to time that any game, software, business, works, content or service provided by Party B is not in compliance with laws, regulations, industry rules, Party A's management measures or contractual agreement, Party B shall pay Party A additional amount of performance bond at RMB5,000 per violation, or RMB10,000 per business, to be payable to by Party B within 10 working days after the results of copyright spot checks are posted.

For the second time of the aforementioned violation, the amount of performance bond shall be additionally paid at RMB3,000 per time on the basis of the amount previous paid

For the third time of the aforementioned violation, Party A will withhold the full amount of the performance bond already paid by Party B, and terminate the full-range business cooperation for one year.

If Party A discovers that Party B has violated the Integrity Agreement attached hereto by bribing Party A's working personnel, Party A may elect to impose a penalty of RMB10,000 to 100,000, suspend cooperation for 1-3 years or terminate the cooperation depending on the seriousness of the violation and the consequences thus brought about, and any loss thus incurred to Party A shall be borne by Party B

Sponsorship Agreement

Boyd

"Cano

R. C. Boyd Enterprises, LLC

Company

Cano Petroleum, Inc.

Sponsor

5th day of December, 2007

This Agreement is executed in duplicate on the 5th day of December, 2007, in Fort Worth, Tarrant County, Texas, to be effective January 1, 2008.

The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and venue for  any legal action brought in State Court shall lie exclusively in Tarrant County, Texas and venue for any action brought in federal court shall  lie exclusively in the Northern District of Texas, Fort Worth Division.

This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.

The Company shall produce no less than forty (40) original episodes of the Show per year

The Company agrees to feature not less than two (2) persons designated by Cano as guests on not less than six (6)  separate episodes per year.

FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

"we," "us," "our" or "Franchisor"

"you," "your" or "Franchisee"

Homewood Suites Franchise LLC

We and you may collectively be referred to as the "Parties."

Franchisee

March 21, 2014

The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.

Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date

The Parties agree that, except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C.  lj 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York without recourse to New York choice of law or conflicts of law principles.

We may immediately terminate this Agreement on notice to you and without any opportunity to cure the default if:

5.1.15 not become a Competitor, or permit your Affiliate to become a Competitor, in the upscale hotel market segment, or any substantially equivalent market segment, as determined by Smith Travel Research ("STR") (or, if STR is no longer in existence, STR's successor or other such industry resource that is as equally as reputable as STR);

14.2.10 you, your Affiliate or a Guarantor become a Competitor except as otherwise permitted by Subsection 5.1.15;

You must:

The only reservation service or system you may use for outgoing reservations referred by or from the Hotel to other Network Hotels will be the Reservation Service or other reservation services we designate;

You must display all material, including brochures and promotional material we provide for System Hotels and Network Hotels, and allow advertising and promotion only of System Hotels and Network Hotels on the Hotel Site, unless we specifically direct you to include advertising or promotion of Other Hotels;

5.1.13 not engage, directly or indirectly, in any cross-marketing or cross-promotion of the Hotel with any Other Hotel or related business, without our prior written consent. You agree to refer guests and customers, wherever reasonably possible, only to System Hotels or Network Hotels.

You must:

We will permit you or any Equity Owner named in the Addendum as of the Effective Date (or any transferee Equity Owner we subsequently approve) to engage in the Permitted Transfers set forth below if any such Permitted Transfer does not result in a change of Control of the Franchisee, the Hotel or the Hotel Site and: (a) the proposed transferee is not a Sanctioned Person or a Competitor; (b) you give us at least sixty (60) days' advance written notice of the proposed Permitted Transfer (including the identity and contact information for any proposed transferee and any other information we may require in order to review the proposed Permitted Transfer); (c) you pay to us a nonrefundable processing fee of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) with the Permitted Transfer request; (d) you follow our then-current procedure for processing Permitted Transfers; and (e) you execute any documents required by us for processing Permitted Transfers.

Our consent to the Change of Ownership Transfer is subject to the following conditions, all of which must be satisfied at or before the date of closing the Change of Ownership Transfer ("Closing"):   13.2.3.1 the Transferee submits a Change of Ownership Application, pays our then current franchise application fee and any PIP Fee, executes our then-current form of new franchise agreement and all ancillary forms, including a guaranty from a third-party acceptable to us, if required;   13.2.3.2 you are not in default of this Agreement or any other agreements with us or our Affiliates;   13.2.3.3 you or the Transferee pay all amounts due to us and the Entities through the date of the Closing;   13.2.3.4 you execute our then-current form of voluntary termination agreement, which may include a general release, covering termination of this Agreement;   13.2.3.5 you conclude to our satisfaction, or provide adequate security for, any suit, action, or proceeding pending or threatened against you, us or any Entity with respect to the Hotel, which may result in liability on the part of us or any Entity;

You consent to our communication with any party we deem necessary about the Hotel in order for us to evaluate the proposed Change of Ownership Transfer.

13.2.3.6 you, the Transferee and/or transferee Equity Owner(s) submit to us all information related to the Transfer that we require, including applications; and   13.2.3.7 the Transferee meets our then-current business requirements for new franchisees and is neither a Sanctioned Person nor a Competitor.

We will have sixty (60) days from our receipt of the completed and signed franchise application to consent or withhold our consent to any proposed Change of Ownership Transfer.

Any proposed Transfer that is not described in Subsection 13.2.1 or 13.2,2 is a Change of Ownership Transfer.

We may immediately terminate this Agreement on notice to you and without any opportunity to cure the default if:

14.2.11 you Transfer any interest in yourself, this Agreement, the Hotel or the Hotel Site, other than in compliance with Section 13 and its subparts;

Any change may be established in the Standards, but the rate will not exceed the standard Monthly Program Fee as of the Effective Date plus one percent (1%) of the Hotel's Gross Rooms Revenue during the Term

Monthly Royalty Fee: Five percent (5%) of the Hotel's Gross Rooms   Revenue for the preceding calendar month

Monthly Program Fee: Four percent (4%) of the Hotel's Gross Rooms Revenue for the preceding calendar month.

irrevocably assign and transfer to us (or to our designee) all of your right, title and interest in any domain name listings and registrations that contain any reference to our Marks, System, Network or Brand; notify the applicable domain name registrars of the termination of your right to use any domain name or Sites associated with the Marks or the Brand; and authorize and instruct the cancellation of the domain name, or transfer of the domain name to us (or our designee), as we specify

We grant to you and you accept a limited, non-exclusive License to use the Marks and the System during the Term at, and in connection with, the operation of the Hotel in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

You will permit us to inspect your books and records at all reasonable times.

If the audit or inspection reveals that the underpayment is willful, or is for five percent (5%) or more of the total amount owed for the period being inspected, you will also reimburse us for all inspection and audit costs, including reasonable travel, lodging, meals, salaries and other expenses of the inspecting or auditing personne

During the Term and for two (2) years thereafter, we and our authorized agents have the right to verify Operational Information required under this Agreement by requesting, receiving, inspecting and auditing, at all reasonable times, any and all records referred to above wherever they may be located (or elsewhere if we request).

THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT LIQUIDATED DAMAGES PAYABLE BY YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER PRE-OPENING LIQUIDATED DAMAGES OR LIQUIDATED DAMAGES FOR EARLY TERMINATION) ARE NOT PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES.

If termination occurs after the Effective Date but before the second anniversary of the Opening Date, you will pay us Liquidated Damages in an amount equal to $3,600 multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel.

THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT LIQUIDATED DAMAGES PAYABLE BY YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER PRE-OPENING LIQUIDATED DAMAGES OR LIQUIDATED DAMAGES FOR EARLY TERMINATION) ARE NOT PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES.

If this Agreement terminates before the Expiration Date, you will pay us Liquidated Damages as follows:   14.4.1.1 If termination occurs before you begin the Hotel Work and before the Opening Date, and you or any Guarantor (or your or any Guarantor's Affiliates) directly or indirectly, enter into a franchise, license, management, lease and/or other similar agreement for or begin construction or commence operation of a hotel, motel, inn, or similar facility at the Hotel Site under a Competitor Brand within one (1) year after termination, then you will pay us Liquidated Damages in an amount equal to $3,600 multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel.

You will pay us Liquidated Damages in the amount of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) per day if you open the Hotel before the Opening Date to compensate us for the damage caused by such breach.

If termination occurs after the second anniversary of the Opening Date but before the final five (5) calendar years of the Term, you will pay us Liquidated Damages in an amount calculated by dividing the sum of the Monthly Royalty Fees due to us under this Agreement for the prior twenty-four (24) month period by twenty-four (24) and then multiplying the resulting sum by sixty (60).

If there are less than sixty (60) months remaining in the Term on the date of termination, you will pay us Liquidated Damages in an amount calculated by dividing the sum of the Monthly Royalty Fees due to us under this Agreement for the prior twenty-four (24) month period by twenty-four (24) and then multiplying the resulting sum by the number of months remaining in the Term.

Payment of Liquidated Damages is due thirty (30) days following termination of this Agreement or on demand.

If termination occurs after you begin the Hotel Work but before the Opening Date, you will pay us Liquidated Damages in an amount equal to $3,600 multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel, unless your failure to complete the Hotel Work was the result of Force Majeure.

5.1.22 after the Effective Date, maintain, at your expense, insurance of the types and in the minimum amounts we specify in the Standards. All such insurance must be with insurers having the minimum ratings we specify, name as additional insureds the parties we specify in the Standards, and carry the endorsements and notice requirements we specify in the Standards. If you fail or neglect to obtain or maintain the insurance or policy limits required by this Agreement or the Standards, we have the option, but not the obligation, to obtain and maintain such insurance without notice to you, and you will immediately on our demand pay us the premiums and cost we incur in obtaining this insurance;

You must:

You will not contest, either directly or indirectly during or after the Term:   9.1.1.1 our (and/or any Entities') ownership of, rights to and interest in the System, Brand, Marks and any of their elements or components, including present and future distinguishing characteristics and agree that neither you nor any design or construction professional engaged by you may use our Standards, our Manual or your approved Plans and Designs for any hotel or lodging project other than the Hotel;   9.1.1.2 our sole right to grant licenses to use all or any elements or components of the System;   9.1.1.3 that we (and/or the Entities) are the owner of (or the licensee of, with the right to sub-license) all right, title and interest in and to the Brand and the Marks used in any form and in any design, alone or in any combination, together with the goodwill they symbolize; or   9,1.1.4 the validity or ownership of the Marks.

We may immediately terminate this Agreement on notice to you and without any opportunity to cure the default if:

With the exception of claims related to representations contained in the franchise disclosure document for the Brand, you, on your own behalf and on behalf of, as applicable, your officers, directors, managers, employees, heirs, administrators, executors, agents and representatives and their respective successors and assigns hereby release, remise, acquit and forever discharge us and the Entities and our and their respective officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, representatives and their respective successors and assigns from any and all actions, claims, causes of action, suits, rights, debts, liabilities, accounts, agreements, covenants, contracts, promises, warranties, judgments, executions, demands, damages, costs and expenses, whether known or unknown at this time, of any kind or nature, absolute or contingent, existing at law or in equity, on account of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever that has happened, developed or occurred relating to this Agreement or the relationship between you and us.

14.2.7 you contest in any court or proceeding our ownership of the System or any part of the System or the validity of any of the Marks;

CONTENT DISTRIBUTION AND LICENSE AGREEMENT

CONVERGTV, INC.

Fulucai Productions Ltd.

Producer

ConvergTV

November 15, 2012

November 15, 2012

License Term Perpetual, unlimited runs x Other: 2 years Commencing: November 15, 2012

All questions with respect to the construction of this Agreement, and the rights and liabilities of the Parties hereto, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida.

During the License Term (which is identified in the Deal Terms), Producer agrees that ConvergTV has the exclusive right to exercise the rights granted to it under this Agreement with respect to the Program, including those in Section 1, within the Licensed Territory.

Revenue Share as specified in this CONTENT DISTRIBUTION AND LICENSE AGREEMENT.

The revenue share for the Program is stated in Exhibit B.

Producer further grants to ConvergTV the right and license to utilize any and all footage from the Program for promotional and marketing purposes related to the Distribution of the Program and for promotion of channels or other distribution methods.

The grant of rights and license pursuant to this Section 1 shall include, but not be limited to, the right of ConvergTV to Distribute and re-Distribute all or any portions of the Program and Promotional Works, including excerpts therefrom, and any new and different versions of the Program, on simultaneous internet transmission or streaming, internet protocol television and any television networks and stations, and/or other distribution outlets, via domestic or foreign television signals, as well as through CATV and DBS systems, satellite, microwave, fiber optic and/or other modes of Distribution yet to be developed, but which may be utilized by ConvergTV in the future.

episodes (series) or

Producer further grants to ConvergTV the right and license to Distribute the Program on any ConvergTV channel, and/or other distribution outlets, that exists today or that is created or developed in the future and this right includes the right to Distribute on any channels of a ConvergTV affiliate and/or other distribution outlets without limitation.

Producer further grants to ConvergTV the right and license to Distribute and re-Distribute, including relicensing or sublicensing, the Program at such dates and times as are determined by ConvergTV in its sole discretion.

"Licensed Rights" to ConvergTV and ConvergTV Channels and/or Distribution Outlets x All, including but not limited to: xSimultaneous Internet Streaming x OTT Television x Internet Protocol Television x Radio, short wave, microwave, fiber optic x Alternative, secondary and specialty distribution x Stored as VOD, Content Distribution Networks/Company Servers x Full Television Broadcast Rights: x Free: Terrestrial, Cable, Satellite x Pay: Terrestrial, Cable, Satellite x Direct Satellite IP Distribution Systems

one-offs, for unlimited runs for the License Term through ConvergTV channels and/or other distribution outlets, in accordance with the License Rights.

Producer further grants to ConvergTV the right and license to create (re-edit), at its sole cost and expense, new and different versions of the Program, create foreign language, subtitled or translated versions of the Program as well as to create closed captioned versions of the Program, including NTCS, PAL, SEACAM standards, or other standards, including those yet to be developed.

For the License Term and within the Licensed Territory, Producer hereby grants to ConvergTV a right and license to Distribute the program, file or video listed on the Deal Terms above (the "Program") consisting of

Producer further grants to ConvergTV the right and license to Distribute the Program on any ConvergTV channel, and/or other distribution outlets, that exists today or that is created or developed in the future and this right includes the right to Distribute on any channels of a ConvergTV affiliate and/or other distribution outlets without limitation.

License Term Perpetual, unlimited runs x Other: 2 years Commencing: November 15, 2012

episodes (series) or

Producer further grants to ConvergTV the right and license to Distribute the Program on any ConvergTV channel, and/or other distribution outlets, that exists today or that is created or developed in the future and this right includes the right to Distribute on any channels of a ConvergTV affiliate and/or other distribution outlets without limitation.

one-offs, for unlimited runs for the License Term through ConvergTV channels and/or other distribution outlets, in accordance with the License Rights.

For the License Term and within the Licensed Territory, Producer hereby grants to ConvergTV a right and license to Distribute the program, file or video listed on the Deal Terms above (the "Program") consisting of

Each of the Parties may, at its own expense, audit the other Party's compliance with this Agreement, including but not limited to, auditing the other Party's representations and warranties.

TRANSPORTATION SERVICES AGREEMENT

Shipper

MPL

Marathon Petroleum Company LP

both referred to jointly as the "Parties" and each individually as a "Party".

Marathon Pipe Line LLC

June 11, 2015,

June 11, 2015

The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").

This Agreement will automatically renew for up to two (2) renewal terms of five (5) years each (each, an "Extension Period") unless either Party provides the other Party with written notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the end of the Initial Term or the then current Extension Period.

This Agreement will automatically renew for up to two (2) renewal terms of five (5) years each (each, an "Extension Period") unless either Party provides the other Party with written notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the end of the Initial Term or the then current Extension Period.

This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without recourse to any principles of law governing conflicts of law, which might otherwise be applicable.

Upon termination of this Agreement for reasons other than a default by Shipper, pursuant to any provisions of this Agreement or any other termination of this Agreement initiated by Shipper pursuant to Section 5, Shipper shall have the right to require MPL to enter into a new transportation service agreement with Shipper that (a) is consistent with the terms and objectives set forth in this Agreement and (b) has commercial terms that are, in the aggregate, equal to or more favorable to Shipper than fair market value terms as would be agreed by similarly-situated parties negotiating at arm's length provided.

If MPL is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and Shipper decides to terminate this Agreement after the Effective Date but prior to the commencement of transportation service on the Pipeline, Shipper shall notify MPL of its decision to terminate within one hundred and eighty (180) days of the Project's in-service date to allow MPL the opportunity to provide Shipper's unwanted capacity to other interested shippers as Unsubscribed Capacity as set forth in Section 3.8.

In the event that, pursuant to this first right, MPL receives binding commitments for volumes that exceed the expansion capacity available for committed volumes, each Shipper that submitted a binding commitment pursuant to this first right procedure shall be allocated the lesser of: (i) its Requested Expansion Volume Commitment, or (ii) the Shipper's pro-rata share of the expansion capacity available for committed volumes, which shall be calculated by multiplying (1) the Shipper's Proportionate Share, times (2) the expansion capacity available for committed volumes ("Expansion Volume Commitment").

To the extent permitted by Governmental Authorities, MPL will provide to each Shipper a first right, on terms and conditions specified by MPL that is consistent with this first right, to submit a binding nomination to ship, or otherwise pay for, a committed volume of Product on the expansion capacity ("Requested Expansion Volume Commitment").

No later than sixty (60) days following the date of MPL's Expansion Notice, Shipper must commit to, in a form acceptable to MPL in MPL's sole discretion, its Requested Expansion Volume Commitment ("Election Deadline").

other Party pursuant to Section 8.1.

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their successors and permitted assigns; provided, however, that the rights and obligations of any Party under this Agreement shall not be assignable by such Party without the prior written consent of the

Neither Party may assign its rights under this Agreement without prior written consent from the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that either Party may assign its rights under this Agreement to a successor in interest resulting from any merger, reorganization, consolidation or as part of a sale of all or substantially all of its assets.

Subject to the provisions of Section 5 of this Agreement, if the volume of each Product shipped by Shipper on the Pipeline during the Quarter is less than the applicable Quarterly Volume Commitment for that Product then, in addition to paying any amounts incurred by Shipper pursuant to Section 3.4 with respect to Shipper Deliveries for such Quarter, Shipper shall also pay MPL a deficiency payment (the "Quarterly Deficiency Payment"); equal to the product of:

(a) the difference between the applicable Quarterly Volume Commitment for that Product for such Quarter and the volume of Shipper Deliveries of that Product on the Pipeline for such Quarter (the "Deficiency Volume"); and

(b) the applicable Tariff Rate for that Product for such Quarter.

If Shipper makes a Pre-Service Increase Request, MPL shall notify Shipper of its new Quarterly Volume Commitment within thirty (30) days following receipt of Shipper's Pre-Service Increase Request, and Exhibit C shall be deemed revised to reflect Shipper's new volume commitment, which shall equal the sum of its original Capacity Request Form volume commitment and its Pre-Service Increase Request or its allocated portion thereof pursuant to this Section 3.9.

Shipper guarantees that during each Contract Year, Shipper will meet its Quarterly Volume Commitment or, in the event it fails to do so, shall remit to MPL the Quarterly Deficiency Payment pursuant to Section 3.5.

The amount of expansion capacity available for volume commitments pursuant to this Section 6.6 shall not exceed ninety percent (90%) of the total expansion capacity.

If, during any Quarter of the Contract Year, Shipper deliveries on the Pipeline exceed the applicable Quarterly Volume Commitment requirements, Shipper shall be permitted to apply Prepaid Transportation Credits against any amount due from Shipper and payable to MPL with respect to the transportation of volumes on the Pipeline for such Quarter.

Except as otherwise provided in Section 10.5, in the event of any breach of a term or condition of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party's remedy shall be limited to the direct damages caused thereby and in no event shall a Party be liable to the other Party for any consequential, indirect, pecuniary, punitive, or economic damages, howsoever caused.

Except as otherwise provided in Section 10.5, in the event of any breach of a term or condition of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party's remedy shall be limited to the direct damages caused thereby and in no event shall a Party be liable to the other Party for any consequential, indirect, pecuniary, punitive, or economic damages, howsoever caused.

If Shipper fails to notify MPL within one hundred and eighty (180) days of the Project's in-service date or if MPL is unsuccessful in obtaining additional volume commitments as provided for in Section 3.8 to

fully replace Shipper's original volume commitment as submitted in its Capacity Request Form in Exhibit C, Shipper will reimburse MPL for Shipper's pro rata portion of actual and committed Construction Costs, plus, an administrative fee of ten (10) percent of said costs (such reimbursement is hereinafter referred to as the "Construction Cost Reimbursement").

The Parties agree that the Construction Cost Reimbursement shall be deemed liquidated damages and that such amount shall not be deemed a penalty, but rather represents a reasonable amount of liquidated damages in light of the anticipated or actual harm caused by Shipper's termination of this Agreement as stated, the difficulties of proof of loss, and the inconvenience or non- feasibility of otherwise obtaining an adequate remedy, and that the payment of such amount shall be MPL's sole and exclusive remedy for such termination by Shipper.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

SRP

Logan's Roadhouse, Inc.,

("Logan's"

Southern Racing Promotions, Inc.

24th day of February, 1998,

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof  and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.

This Agreement shall be constructed under and  governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee.

The Driver shall not drive for any other sponsor which competes with Logan's.

Furthermore, SRP shall not permit any associate or secondary sponsor to suggest in any manner that its sponsorship role is as great as that of Logan's.

SRP may not obtain any associate or secondary sponsors whose products or concepts compete with Logan's.

Logan's also shall have the exclusive right to promote its Logan's trademark on the side of the helmet, as shown on Exhibit B to this Agreement.

Logan's shall have the exclusive use of the hood, the rear quarter panel area above the tire and the bottom of the deck lid (rear facing panel, TV panel) of the Race Car, as shown on Exhibit C to this Agreement.

The Driver shall not drive any other race vehicle for any other sponsor than Logan's without prior written notice from SRP to Logan's.

The Driver shall not appear in a race uniform or driving suit other than the





Logan's uniform/suit in connection with or portraying involvement in NASCAR LMSC racing, whether or not used in product advertising or promotion.

Consistent with the NASCAR rules and regulations, and excluding any patches required by NASCAR, Logan's shall have the exclusive right to promote its Logan's logo on uniforms and Driver's suit on the areas depicted on Exhibit A to this Agreement.

This Agreement may not be modified or assigned except in writing signed by SRP and Logan's.

supplemental coverage in excess of the Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00)

Certificate of Insurance naming Logan's as an additional insured.

JOINT DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

ExxonMobil

ExxonMobil Research and Engineering Company

FCE

FuelCell Energy, Inc.

November 5, 2019

"Effective Date" means October 31, 2019.

Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").

The validity and interpretation of this Agreement and the legal relations of the Parties to it will be governed by the laws of the State of New York without recourse to its conflicts of law rules.

During the Term of this Agreement, FCE will not conduct any Work using Generation 1 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications or any Work using Generation 2 Technology, independently or with third parties outside this Agreement, without prior written approval from ExxonMobil.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, ExxonMobil hereby grants approval for FCE solely to conduct Authorized Work using Generation 1 Technology with Authorized Third Parties for Carbon Capture Applications and any Work using Generation 2 Technology solely for Power Applications and Hydrogen Applications.

Accordingly, either Party may terminate this Agreement or all/part of a Project for any reason and at any time upon giving the other Party sixty (60) days prior written notice.

During the Term of this Agreement and for two (2) years thereafter, in the event that either Party decides to sell or convey its interest in or otherwise dispose of any Prior JDA Project Patent to any Non-Affiliated Third Party, such Party will inform the other Party, who will then have the right of first refusal to purchase or otherwise acquire the sole interest at same or better terms.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event ExxonMobil decides not to prosecute, defend, enforce, maintain or decides to abandon any Program Patent, then ExxonMobil will provide notice thereof to FCE, and FCE will then have the right, but not the obligation, to prosecute or maintain the Program Patent and sole responsibility for the continuing costs, taxes, legal fees, maintenance fees and other fees associated with that Program Patent.

Subject to requirements of applicable law, FCE will provide notice to ExxonMobil prior to, or promptly after, it becomes aware of any such Change in Control, and if prior notice is prohibited by applicable Law, as soon as practicable or after such notice is no longer prohibited, but in no event later than one (1) business day after any public announcement with respect to any such asset transfer or Change in Control.

ExxonMobil may terminate this Agreement upon fifteen (15) days written notice, without penalty, payment or prejudice to claims and obligations then accrued, if FCE undergoes a Change in Control.

Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, in the event of termination under this Paragraph 12.04 ExxonMobil may terminate any licenses granted to FCE under this Agreement that would otherwise survive termination, taking into account the circumstances surrounding the Change in Control.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, ExxonMobil may assign this Agreement to its Affiliates and FCE may assign this Agreement to any of its wholly-owned and wholly-controlled Affiliates, with prior written notice to the other Party, provided that (i) such assignment by FCE shall be void if at any point such Affiliate ceases to be both wholly-owned and wholly- controlled by FCE, (ii) Article 12, including but not limited to Paragraphs 12.03, 12.04 and 12.05, shall be applicable to both FCE and any Affiliate assignee of FCE, and (iii) no assignment pursuant to this sentence will relieve the Parties of their obligations under this Agreement.

The Agreement is not assignable, including any assignment by operation of law (including but not limited to as a result of a merger or other corporate action), by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party.

FCE will assign, and hereby assigns, to ExxonMobil ownership of Program Results.

For Program Patents, if one or more employees or other representatives of FCE are determined to be inventors, then FCE will:

(i) cause its employees, contractors, and consultants to render reasonable and timely assistance to ExxonMobil and its attorneys or agents;

(ii) assign, and will cause its and its Affiliates' employees, contractors, and consultants to assign, its right, title, and interest in and to such Program Patent to ExxonMobil for filing; and

(iii) cause its and its Affiliate employees, contractors, and consultants, to execute any documents as may be required to effect such assignments, or file, prosecute, and maintain any patent applications or patents that are based on, derived from, or protect such Program Patent.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), sub-licensable, non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)), right and license to practice Program Results solely for Power Applications and Hydrogen Applications.

More particularly, said right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications will include the right to use, reproduce, and create derivative works of ExxonMobil Background Information under applicable copyrights and the right to make, use, import, and sell or offer to sell under the claims of ExxonMobil Background Patents.

In the event ExxonMobil notifies FCE that it has formally decided not to pursue Generation 2 Technology for Carbon Capture Applications, then upon FCE's written request, ExxonMobil agrees to grant to FCE, under commercially reasonable terms to be determined in good faith, a worldwide, royalty-bearing (with the royalty to be negotiated), non- exclusive, sub-licensable, right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in any application outside of Power Applications and Hydrogen Applications. More particularly, said right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in any application outside of Power Applications includes the right to use, reproduce, and create derivative works of ExxonMobil Background Information under applicable copyrights and the right to make, use, import, and sell or offer to sell under the claims of ExxonMobil Background Patents.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sub-licensable (except as set forth herein), perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), non- transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in Power Applications and Hydrogen Applications.

To the extent not already granted pursuant to the License Agreement, FCE grants ExxonMobil and its Affiliates a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, sub-licensable, non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice FCE Background Information and FCE Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications and Hydrogen Applications.

More particularly, said right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in any applications outside of Carbon Capture Applications includes the right to use, reproduce, and create derivative works of ExxonMobil Background Information under applicable copyrights and the right to make, use, import, and sell or offer to sell under the claims of ExxonMobil Background Patents.

In the event FCE notifies ExxonMobil that it has formally decided not to pursue Generation 2 Technology for Power Applications, then upon ExxonMobil's written request, FCE agrees to negotiate a grant to ExxonMobil and its Affiliates, under commercially reasonable terms to be determined in good faith, a worldwide, royalty-bearing (with the royalty to be negotiated), non-exclusive, sub-licensable right and license to practice FCE Background Information and FCE Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in any application outside of Carbon Capture Applications and Hydrogen Applications.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sub- licensable (except as set forth herein), perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications, solely to conduct Authorized Work with Authorized Third Parties.

More particularly, said right and license to practice FCE Background Information and FCE Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in any application outside of Carbon Capture Applications and Hydrogen Applications will include the right to use, reproduce, and create derivative works of FCE Background Information under applicable copyrights and the right to make, use, import, and sell or offer to sell under the claims of FCE Background Patents.

Nothing in this Paragraph 8.02(a)(2) will create an obligation on the part of FCE to grant ExxonMobil a license or right under FCE Background Patents or FCE Background Information if the Parties do not agree on the terms and conditions of such license.

In the event ExxonMobil notifies FCE that it has formally decided not to pursue Generation 2 Technology for Carbon Capture Applications, then upon FCE's written request, ExxonMobil agrees to negotiate a grant to FCE, under commercially reasonable terms to be determined in good faith, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-bearing (with the royalty to be negotiated), non-sub- licensable (except as set forth in this Paragraph 7.01(b)(2)), non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)), right and license to practice Program Results solely for Carbon Capture Applications.

More particularly, said right and license to practice includes the right to use, reproduce, and create derivative works of Program Information under applicable copyrights and to make, use, and import (but not sell or offer to sell) under the claims of Program Patents, in each case solely for research and development for the Program.

In the event that ExxonMobil fails to notify FCE before the end of the Term of the Agreement of ExxonMobil's intent to negotiate a subsequent or follow-on commercial agreement, ExxonMobil agrees to negotiate a grant to FCE, under commercially reasonable terms to be determined in good faith, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-sub-licensable (except as set forth herein) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty- free, non-sub-licensable (except as set forth herein), perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), non- transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in any applications outside of Carbon Capture Applications.

More particularly, said right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications includes the right to use, reproduce, and create derivative works of ExxonMobil Background Information under applicable copyrights and the right to make, use, and import (but not sell or offer to sell) under the claims of ExxonMobil Background Patents, solely to conduct Authorized Work with Authorized Third Parties

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)), non-sub-licensable (except as set forth in this Paragraph 7.01(a)) right and license to practice Program Results solely to conduct research and development for the Program.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), sub-licensable, non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)), right and license to practice Program Results solely for Power Applications and Hydrogen Applications.

Said right and license may be extended to contractors performing work on behalf of FCE but is not otherwise sub-licensable.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sub-licensable (except as set forth herein), perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), non- transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in Power Applications and Hydrogen Applications.

All rights and licenses in this Paragraph (b)(1)(i) may be extended to contractors performing work on behalf of FCE but are not otherwise sub-licensable.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sub- licensable (except as set forth herein), perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications,

All rights and licenses in this Paragraph (b)(1)(ii) may be extended to contractors performing work on behalf of FCE but are not otherwise sub-licensable.

In the event ExxonMobil notifies FCE that it has formally decided not to pursue Generation 2 Technology for Carbon Capture Applications, then upon FCE's written request, ExxonMobil agrees to negotiate a grant to FCE, under commercially reasonable terms to be determined in good faith, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-bearing (with the royalty to be negotiated), non-sub- licensable (except as set forth in this Paragraph 7.01(b)(2)), non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)), right and license to practice Program Results solely for Carbon Capture Applications.

In the event that ExxonMobil fails to notify FCE before the end of the Term of the Agreement of ExxonMobil's intent to negotiate a subsequent or follow-on commercial agreement, ExxonMobil agrees to negotiate a grant to FCE, under commercially reasonable terms to be determined in good faith, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-sub-licensable (except as set forth herein) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty- free, non-sub-licensable (except as set forth herein), perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), non- transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in any applications outside of Carbon Capture Applications.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)), non-sub-licensable (except as set forth in this Paragraph 7.01(a)) right and license to practice Program Results solely to conduct research and development for the Program.

The rights and licenses in this Paragraph (b)(1)(iii) will be extendable t o contractors performing work on behalf of FCE but will not otherwise sub-licensable

To the extent not already granted pursuant to the License Agreement, FCE grants ExxonMobil and its Affiliates a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, sub-licensable, non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice FCE Background Information and FCE Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications and Hydrogen Applications

To the extent not already granted pursuant to the License Agreement, FCE grants ExxonMobil and its Affiliates a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, sub-licensable, non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice FCE Background Information and FCE Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications and Hydrogen Applications.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), sub-licensable, non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)), right and license to practice Program Results solely for Power Applications and Hydrogen Applications.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sub-licensable (except as set forth herein), perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), non- transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in Power Applications and Hydrogen Applications.

To the extent not already granted pursuant to the License Agreement, FCE grants ExxonMobil and its Affiliates a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, sub-licensable, non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice FCE Background Information and FCE Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications and Hydrogen Applications.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sub- licensable (except as set forth herein), perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications, solely to conduct Authorized Work with Authorized Third Parties.

ExxonMobil grants FCE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty- free, non-sub-licensable (except as set forth herein), perpetual, irrevocable (except as stated in Paragraphs 12.03 (Failure to Perform), 12.04 (Other Termination), and 12.05 (Bankruptcy)), non- transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in any applications outside of Carbon Capture Applications.

Such books, records and accounts will be maintained for a period of at least three (3) years following the termination or expiration of this Agreement, provided there are no pending disputes between the Parties.

FCE will cause any subcontractors to preserve documentation and allow ExxonMobil to audit such books, records, and accounts of subcontractors by way of auditing FCE.

At the request of ExxonMobil, FCE will permit, at reasonable intervals and during regular business hours, during the Term of this Agreement and at least three (3) years thereafter, but no more than once per fiscal year, an independent certified public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing selected by ExxonMobil (and approved by FCE, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld) to inspect, during regular business hours, such books, records, and accounts and any part of the applicable operations and facilities of FCE relevant to this Agreement, and to have access to FCE's knowledgeable personnel, as may be necessary to determine the completeness and accuracy of any accounting and payments required to be made under this Agreement and compliance with other terms of this Agreement, subject to the following:

(a) ExxonMobil and its employees or other representatives will have the right to reproduce for its internal records any of the documents kept by FCE in accordance with Paragraph 18.01 (Recordkeeping), such reproduced documents shall be subject to the confidentiality and use provisions contained in Article 4; and

(b) all expenses of each such audit, including any pre-approved reasonable expenses incurred by FCE for such audit, will be for the account of ExxonMobil.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each Party will bear full responsibility, without limit, for the following:

(i) Gross Negligence or Willful Misconduct attributable to its personnel, and, in no event, will a Party be required to release or indemnify the other Party for Gross Negligence or Willful Misconduct attributable to the other Party; and

(ii) its legal obligations to third parties wherein nothing in this Agreement is intended to impair a party's contribution and indemnity rights under law with respect to third party claims.

In no event will either Party be liable to the other Party under this Agreement for any consequential, indirect, special, incidental, punitive or exemplary loss or damage, including, without limitation, business interruption, cost of capital, loss of anticipated revenues and profits, loss of goodwill or increased operating costs, whether arising from contract, warranty, tort, strict liability or otherwise regardless of whether the possibility of such losses or damages have been made known to the first Party, and each Party hereby expressly waives all such rights and remedies, except for breach of any confidentiality or restricted use provisions of this Agreement and except as provided in Paragraph 11.04 (Exceptions to Limitations of Liability).

SERVICE AGREEMENT

Employer

Theravance Biopharma UK Limited

Brett Haumann

Executive

1 April, 2020

1 April 2020

The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice;

2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.

This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England.

During the term of employment and for one (1) year thereafter, the Executive will not directly or indirectly, either themselves or through others, encourage or solicit any employee of the Company to leave the Company for any reason. This obligation shall not affect any responsibility the Executive has as an employee of the Company with respect to the bona fide hiring and firing of Company personnel.

The Company may terminate the Executive's employment under this Agreement with immediate effect without notice and with no liability to make any further payment to the Executive (other than in respect of amounts accrued at the Termination Date) if in the reasonable opinion of the Company the Executive:

makes any statement or other form of communication that disparages or undermines the goodwill or reputation of any Group Company.

The Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion, terminate the Executive's employment under this Agreement at any time and with immediate effect by notifying the Executive that the Company is exercising its right under this clause 17 and that it will make a payment in l ieu of  not ice ("PILON") to the Executive.

To the extent that the Company IP does not vest automatically in the Company the Executive hereby assigns all right, title and interest in the Company IP to the Company with full title guarantee by way of a present assignment of all future rights and shall otherwise hold them on trust for the Company.

To the extent that the Company IP does not vest automatically in the Company the Executive hereby assigns all right, title and interest in the Company IP to the Company with full title guarantee by way of a present assignment of all future rights and shall otherwise hold them on trust for the Company.

If the Executive's employment is terminated at any time by reason of any reconstruction or amalgamation of any Group Company, whether by winding up or otherwise, and the Executive is offered employment with any concern or undertaking involved in or resulting from the reconstruction or amalgamation on terms which (considered in their entirety) are no less favourable to any material extent than the terms of this Agreement, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that there shall be no claim against the Company or any undertaking arising out of or connected with such termination.

MARKETING AND TRANSPORTATION SERVICES AGREEMENT

Purolator

a subsidiary of Dynamex Inc.

PUROLATOR COURIER LTD.

Dynamex

PARCELWAY COURIER SYSTEMS CANADA LTD.

20 day of November, 1995

20 day of November, 1995.

This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and         shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in          accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and         shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in          accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the         laws of the Province of Ontario.

In the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to the provisions of         paragraph 17, then the Party in default shall not enter into an         agreement with any other Party to provide services similar to those         provided herein or to provide its services similar to those provided for         herein without an agreement, for a period of six (6) months from the         effective date of termination.

In the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to the provisions of         paragraph 19.2, then the Party whose control has changed shall not         enter into an agreement with any other Party to provide services similar         to those provided herein or to provide its services similar to those         provided for herein without an agreement, for a period of twelve (12)         months from the effective date of termination.

Dynamex agrees not to provide sameday delivery services for any other        provider of next day or multiple day courier services.

Except for the joint marketing efforts referred to in Section 3.1 (v)        above, Dynamex agrees not to directly or indirectly solicit overnight        freight from customers of Purolator.

Except for the joint marketing efforts referred to in Section 3.1 (v)         above, Purolator agrees not to directly or indirectly solicit next day         or multiple day freight from existing sameday customers of Dynamex.

It is understood        and agreed that Dynamex, from time to time and upon request, may provide        pick-up and/or delivery services for other next-day or multiple day        courier service providers, as part of their next-day and multiple day        service commitment, provided Dynamex' services will not result in the        provision of same day service to the customer of the provider of        next-day or multiple day courier service.

Dynamex may continue to provide the same day service it currently        provides to Alltours customers, provided revenue to Dynamex from this        business does not exceed Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) per month        provided there is no change in control, direct or indirect, in Alltours.

Either Party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by giving two         (2) years written notice.

In the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to the provisions of         paragraph 19.2, then the Party whose control has changed shall not         enter into an agreement with any other Party to provide services similar         to those provided herein or to provide its services similar to those         provided for herein without an agreement, for a period of twelve (12)         months from the effective date of termination.

In the event of a change in control of a Party, the other Party shall         have the right, upon written prior notice, to terminate this          Agreement.

Neither Party shall sell, assign, subcontract, transfer or dispose of         this Agreement or any part thereof, without the prior written consent of         the other Party or otherwise enter into an agreement with any other         Party for Services contemplated herein.

In the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to the provisions of         paragraph 19.2, then the Party whose control has changed shall not         enter into an agreement with any other Party to provide services similar         to those provided herein or to provide its services similar to those         provided for herein without an agreement, for a period of twelve (12)         months from the effective date of termination.

Either Party shall have the right to request the other to provide,        through an auditor agreed to by the Parties, validation of the        information and data referred to herein.

Such liability shall not exceed the        other Party's contractual liability to its customers.

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the        indemnifying party's liability to the other hereunder shall not        exceed the insurance coverage set out in Section 9.0.

The Parties        acknowledge that their contract of carriage with their customers provides        that liability for loss, damage or delay, including liability for        consequential loss, is limited to Four Dollars and Forty One Cents        ($4.41) per kilogram or Two Dollars ($2.00) per pound unless a higher        value has been declared for insurance purposes.

In the event a Party has, in any twelve (12) month period, more than         three (3) Monthly Performance Failures, then the defaulting Party shall         pay a penalty to the Party not in default, which the Parties acknowledge         is a pre-estimation of damages suffered by the non-defaulting Party due         to the current month's Monthly Performance Failure ("Default Month").

For each Default Month, the Party in default shall pay a penalty equal         to five (5) times the Party not in default's corporate average yield         during the Default Month for each shipment below the performance





     commitment

Each Party shall deliver to the other, prior to commencing to provide        the Services and thereafter, annually, a certificate or certificates of        insurance evidencing that the required insurance coverages as        provided for in paragraph 9.1 are in effect and that each Party shall be        given thirty (30) days prior written notice of cancellation or         expiry of or material change to such insurance coverages.

Each Party shall maintain the insurance coverages provided for in        paragraph 9.1 hereof, in full force and effect during the term of        this Agreement and covenants that nothing shall be done whereby any        policy will be cancelled and shall pay all renewal premiums thereon on or        before the due date and shall forthwith furnish the other Party with        copies of certificates of insurance of such renewals.

Each Party shall ensure that any subcontractor or other party with whom        it contracts in providing the Services shall carry adequate        insurance coverage, but not less than that provided in paragraph 9.1.

Each Party shall purchase and maintain, at its own expense, the        following insurance coverages:

    (a)     cargo liability insurance, subject to a combined single limit of                not less than One Hundred Thousand dollars ($100,000.00)                inclusive per occurrence. The other Party shall be named as an                additional insured and the policy shall contain a cross                liability clause;

    (b)     automobile, non-owned automobile, fleet, comprehensive general,                public and property liability insurance with a limit of not less                than Two Million dollars ($2,000,000.00) inclusive of bodily                injury and property damage for any one occurrence arising out of                one (1) cause. The policy shall cover all non-air operations,                non-owned automobile, contractual liability and liability                specifically assumed under this Agreement. The other party shall                be named as an additional insured and the policy shall contain a                cross liability clause;

SUPPLY AGREEMENT

Cremer

CREMER OLEO GmbH & Co KG

Ultragenyx

Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc

November 19t h, 2012

This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").

Thereafter, the Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional two year periods (each a "Renewal Term", the Initial Term and all Renewal Terms, the "Term") unless either Party notifies the other Party of its intention not to renew in writing at least three calendar months before the expiration of the then current Term.

Thereafter, the Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional two year periods (each a "Renewal Term", the Initial Term and all Renewal Terms, the "Term") unless either Party notifies the other Party of its intention not to renew in writing at least three calendar months before the expiration of the then current Term.

The laws of the Federal Republic of Germany shall apply to the Agreement and any legal relations thereof, especially any purchase order, between Cremer and Ultragenyx shall be governed by that law.

Cremer shall supply Ultragenyx exclusively with the Product worldwide

Ultragenyx shall purchase the Product exclusively from Cremer.

The prices payable by Ultragenyx to Cremer for the Product (the "Price") shall be agreed [***] every contract year; provided, that the Price may not increase more than the [***] for such period or [***]%, whichever is higher.

Cremer's liability arising from this Agreement is limited to intentional misconduct or gross negligence.

NEITHER PARTY MAY CLAIM AND NEITHER PARTY IS LIABLE FOR CLAIMS FOR INDIRECT DAMAGES AND LOSSES, SUCH AS SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE, ANY LOSS OF ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED PROFIT, OR REVENUE, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS OR BUSINESS OR DAMAGE TO GOODWILL OR BRAND EQUITY, ARE EXCLUDED.

In the event that the Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications, and/or GMP, Ultragenyx may reject the Product by giving written notice to Cremer within [***] days after receipt of the Product and all documentation (except such [***] day period will not apply for any latent defect).

AMENDMENT #2 TO THE                              DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

Vendor

INGRAM MICRO INC.

Ingram

NETGEAR, INC.

this 15th day of July 1998

SOFTWARE LICENSE AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

Licensee

SFG Financial Corp

E-Path FX

Licensor

551 FX IB Associates, LLC

27th day of April  2009

Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial  period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").

The Agreement may be renewed for an additional period of  seven (7) years at the option of the Licensor.

Accordingly, the parties agree that  the validity, interpretation and legal effect of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, U.S.A., applicable to  contracts entered in and performed entirely within the State of New York, U.S.A. without regard to any conflict of law principles.

During the Term of this Agreement and during the three year period after the expiration or termination of this  Agreement, the Licensee will not solicit any person employed by Licensor and/or its Affiliates to leave his or her employment with Licensor.

During the term of this Agreement, the Licensor shall have the right (the "Right of First Refusal"), for a period (the "Exercise Period")  expiring at 11:59 PM (Eastern Time) on the fifth (5th) business day after the giving of written notice by the Licensee that it has received a bonafide  offer from a third party to (ii) purchase all or substantially all of the assets of Licensee; or (ii) to engage in a merger or consolidation in which  Licensee is not the surviving corporation or in which, if Licensee is the surviving corporation, the owners of Licensee immediately prior to the  consummation of such merger or consolidation do not, immediately after consummation of such merger or consolidation, own stock or other  securities of Licensee that possess a majority of the voting power of all Licensee's outstanding stock and other securities and the power to elect a  majority of the members of Licensee's board of directors.

In the event the Licensor declines or fails to exercise in full the Right of First Refusal before the expiration of the Exercise Period, the

Licensee shall have the right to consummate the transaction with the third party.

For purposes of the preceding sentence, Licensor will be deemed to have reasonably withheld its consent to a Change of Control if any  person or entity who would acquire direct or indirect control (as defined below) of Licensee pursuant to such Change of Control then conducts a  business that is directly or indirectly competitive with a business then conducted by Licensor or any of its Affiliates and/or Licensor reasonably believes that Licensor's interests will be adversely effected by the continuing of this Agreement upon such a Change in Control.

Upon the occurrence of any Change of Control (as defined below) this Agreement and all Licensee's rights and licenses hereunder  shall automatically terminate unless, prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, Licensor has consented to such Change of Control in a  writing executed by an officer of Licensor; provided that Licensor will not unreasonably withhold its consent to the consummation of a Change of  Control.

Any attempt to assign this Agreement or assign, sublicense and/or transfer in any  manner Licensee's license rights hereunder without such consent will be void and of no effect.

Licensee may not assign this Agreement or assign, sublicense and/or transfer in any manner its license rights hereunder in  whole or in part without Licensor's prior written consent.

Licensee will not sell, lease, lend, transfer, assign, hypothecate, or otherwise distribute the licensed programs to  any third party for use in the field of foreign exchange transactions unless the Licensee receives specific approval  of the Licensor.

Licensee agrees it shall not exchange, lease, sublease, distribute, assign, sell or otherwise transfer in any manner any right and/or interest  incident to the License Technology to any third party under any circumstances, without the prior written consent of the Licensor.

The computation of the rebates received by Licensee shall be expressed as a fixed percentage (15%) of  Billable Platform Fees paid by Licensee to Licensor.

During the term of the non-exclusive license agreement, Licensor shall receive from Licensee one third (33%) of the gross  amounts earned by the Licensee from third parties applicable to the following areas of the Licensed Technology usage (if any),  ("Supplemental Payments"):

(a) Clearing fees

(b) Banking Rebates ("give-up fees")

(c) Processing of half pips

(d) Swap rates (swap interest rate differential)

(e) Currency spreads

The rebates shall be payable in shares of Licensor's Common Stock; priced at $.25  cents per share.

Licensor hereby, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and provided that Licensee makes  payments to Licensor as required under this Agreement, grants to Licensee a non-exclusive license to utilize  Licensed Technology solely in the Field of Use and subject to the additional restrictions set forth below and otherwise in this License Agreement.

Licensee acknowledges that the grant of the license set forth in this Section is a non-exclusive license  and that the Licensor shall have the right to use and to license to other parties the Licensed Technology for any purpose  and in any manner as Licensor may determine in its sole discretion.

Any  such audit shall be permitted by Licensee within 30 days of Licensee's receipt of a written request of Licensor.

The cost of the audit will be borne by Licensor unless a discrepancy of more than five-percent (5%) is discovered, in which  case the cost of the audit shall be borne by Licensee.

Licensee agrees to allow an independent Certified Public Accountant or other Audit Professional, (selected by mutual  agreement) to audit and analyze appropriate accounting records to ensure compliance with all terms of this Agreement.

IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT,  INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS OR PROFITS)  ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE, OPERATION OR PERFORMANCE OF ANY OF THE  LICENSED TECHNOLOGY, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY BREACH OR FAILURE OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION,  MISREPRESENTATION OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT LICENSORHAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS  OR DAMAGE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CLAIMS FOR LOSS OF DATA, GOODWILL, USE OF MONEY OR USE OF THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY, INTERRUPTION IN USE OR AVAILABILITY OF DATA, STOPPAGE OF OTHER WORK OR IMPAIRMENT OR OTHER ASSETS), ARISING OUT OF BREACH OR FAILURE OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION, BREACH OF CONTRACT,  MISREPRESENTATION, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY IN TORT, OR OTHERWISE

The Licensee agrees that neither the Licensor, nor any of its respective affiliates, employees, officers,  or agents, shall be liable for any loss, damage, cost or expense, (direct or indirect) except for direct  damages arising from the gross negligence of willful misconduct of the Licensor.

NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, DAMAGES FOR THE LOSS OF GOODWILL, PROSPECTIVE  PROFITS OR ANTICIPATED INCOME, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ANY EXPENDITURES, INVESTMENTS, LEASES OR  COMMITMENTS MADE BY EITHER PARTY ON ACCOUNT OF THE TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS TERMS.

IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR'S AGGREGATE CUMULATIVE TOTAL LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED ONE  HALF OF THE AMOUNT PAID BY THE LICENSEE TO Licensor HEREUNDER.

Licensor shall assume no liability, both contingent and otherwise, which may arise out of or be in any  way related to the following; (a) furnishing, performance, maintenance, use of, or inability to use all or  any part of the system, (b) any fault in the delivery or operation of the system, (c) suspension or  termination of the Licensee's ability to use all or part of the system, or any inaccuracies or omissions  in any information or documentation provided, (d) any failure or delay suffered or allegedly suffered  by Licensee in initiating and terminating trades, (e) the termination of all or part of this Licensee  Agreement by the Licensor, (f) the termination or modification of any and all parts of the License.

SUPPLY AGREEMENT

SutroVax and Sutro may be referred to herein by name or individually, as a "Party" and collectively, as the "Parties."

Sutro Biopharma, Inc.

SutroVax, Inc.

SutroVax

Sutro

May 29, 2018

May 29, 2018

The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.

This Supply Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without regard to any conflict of laws rules to the contrary.

SutroVax agrees to purchase all its requirements of Extract from Sutro in accordance with this Agreement, except to the extent SutroVax is allowed to purchase Extract from (a) Alternate Suppliers engaged by Sutro in accordance with Section 2.15 of this Agreement; (b) a CMO engaged or established and authorized by Sutro under Section 3.l(d) of the License Agreement; or (c) a CMO authorized by Sutro under Section 3.l(e) of the License Agreement. Manufacturing of Extracts in breach of this Section 2.20 shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement and the License Agreement by SutroVax.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Supply Agreement, this Supply Agreement may be terminated:

10.2.1 in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, on a Product-by-Product basis, by mutual written consent of Sutro and SutroVax;





10.2.2 in its entirety by a Party if the other Party materially breaches any of the material terms, conditions or agreements contained in this Supply Agreement to be kept, observed or performed by the other Party, by giving the Party who committed the breach [***] days' prior written notice, unless the notified Party shall have cured the breach within such [***]-day period; and

10.2.3 in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, on a Product-by-Product basis, by SutroVax upon [***] days' prior written notice to Sutro for any reason.

Once the Alternate Supplier is qualified pursuant to this Section 2.15, SutroVax shall have the first right (as between SutroVax and Sutro or Third Parties supplied or authorized by Sutro) to obtain Extract Manufactured by the Alternate Supplier up to the Capacity established pursuant to the Transfer Addendum for a period ending the later of [***] or [***], and provided SutroVax commits to [***] or [***].

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Sutro undergoes a Change of Control or Sutro permits any third party to acquire Extract directly from an Alternate Supplier established under the Transfer Addendum, then SutroVax shall thereafter have the right to establish a supply agreement with and obtain supply of Extract directly from such Alternate Supplier.

Neither Party may assign or transfer this Supply Agreement, including by merger, operation of law, or otherwise, without the other Party's prior written consent (which shall not be withheld unreasonably) except each Party may assign this Supply Agreement without the other Party's consent in the case of assignment or transfer to a Third Party that succeeds to all or substantially all of the assigning Party's business and assets relating to the subject matter of this Supply Agreement, whether by sale, merger, operation of law or otherwise. Any attempted assignment by a Party in violation of this Section without the written consent of the other Party will be null and void.

Sutro shall allocate its available Components and manufacturing capacity to provide SutroVax with quantities of such Product at least equal to the greater of (a) [***] of the amount of Product (or products equivalent to Product) that Sutro allocates for itself and its Affiliates (but in no event less than [***] liters of Extract per month and the minimum allocation volume set out in Schedule 1 of each Custom Reagent per month), provided that SutroVax demonstrates actual need for the applicable quantities of Extract, and (b) the [***].

Upon the expiration of the Term or termination of this Supply Agreement, in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, this Supply Agreement shall, except as otherwise provided in this Section 10.3 or Section 10.5, be of no further force or effect; provided, however, that (a) in the event this Supply Agreement is terminated by SutroVax pursuant to Section 10.2.3 and there are outstanding Work Orders or other purchase orders accepted by Sutro that would not be fulfilled as a result of such termination, SutroVax shall reimburse Sutro for all supplies and materials purchased by Sutro and time incurred by Sutro personnel (to the extent incurred solely for manufacture of Product for SutroVax) for the manufacture, or preparation for the manufacture, of Products for any Work Orders placed by SutroVax and any other purchase orders accepted by Sutro prior to such expiration or termination, in each case to the extent Sutro cannot otherwise reasonably mitigate such the costs and expenses of such supplies, materials and time (e.g., by use of resulting supplies, materials and work-in-progress Product for other purposes); provided that to the extent SutroVax pays for any supplies or materials, upon SutroVax's request Sutro shall promptly transfer and deliver such supplies and materials to SutroVax; and (b) if this Supply Agreement is terminated with respect to one or more Products, but not all Products, then this Supply Agreement shall continue in full force and effect with respect to the applicable Product(s) for which it is not terminated.

During the Term and the [***] period thereafter, SutroVax or a SutroVax Affiliate may, during normal working hours and upon reasonable advance notice perform site audits and inspect, or request information relating to, Sutro's or its subcontractor's Facilities and records directly or indirectly involved in the performance of this Supply Agreement or related to the Product(s). Such requests should be made in writing and Sutro will allow for such audits or inspection to occur within [***] days from request (excepting for cause audits) for Sutro's Facilities and within [***] days' from request (excepting for cause audits) for Sutro's subcontractor's facilities. Reasonable advance notice for audits for cause shall not require more than [***] advance notice.

Accordingly, to permit the Quality Agreement to be finalized within such period, Sutro shall provide SutroVax or its designee access to Sutro's Facilities and records to enable SutroVax or its designee to complete an audit pursuant to Section 5.1 within [***] days after the Effective Date.

During such an inspection or request for information the inspectors may inquire about the progress of the work being carried out by Sutro or its subcontractor, and are in particular but not exclusively authorized to:

5.1.1 Inspect the Facilities, documents and equipment used, or to be used, in the Manufacture of the Product(s);

5.1.2 Verify the qualifications of the employees and subcontractors carrying out such work and their use of the relevant equipment;





5.1.3 Evaluate all scientific techniques used by Sutro, its subcontractors and their respective employees in the performance of this Supply Agreement and the procedures used in the creation and storage of samples of the Product(s), provided that nothing in this Section 5.1.3 shall require Sutroto disclose any Sutro Core Know-How;

5.1.4 Verify and evaluate information relating to the utilization of the Manufacturing capacity of Sutro's Facilities or its subcontractor's Facilities;

5.1.5 Review correspondence, reports, filings and other documents from Regulatory Authorities to the extent related to the Manufacturing activities hereunder;

5.1.6 Evaluate the implementation of all Manufacturing and process changes made with respect to the Product, including pursuant to any corrective action plan; and

5.1.7 Ascertain compliance with Applicable Laws, the Specifications and this Supply Agreement.

Without limiting the foregoing; Sutro is responsible for auditing the facilities of the suppliers of Components, if any, periodically, and Sutro agrees to provide SutroVax, upon SutroVax's request with a current copy of the audit report of such facilities and to incorporate SutroVax's comments with respect to any corrective action plan related to the Product.

Such records shall be made available for reasonable review, audit and inspection upon reasonable notice and with reasonable frequency, upon SutroVax's request for the purpose of verifying Sutro's calculations of amounts due hereunder, the basis for such calculations (including Sutro's calculation of the Fully Burdened Manufacturing Costs) or payments and Sutro's compliance with the terms and conditions of this Supply Agreement.

EXCEPT (I) WITH RESPECT TO ANY BREACH OF ARTICLE 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY), (II) FOR THIRD PARTY PENALTIES, COSTS AND EXPENSES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 2.9, OR (III) FOR [***], TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, (A) NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER LIABILITY IS ASSERTED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER THEORY OR FORM OF ACTION, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF; AND (B) EACH PARTY'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY UNDER THIS SUPPLY AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED [***].

SUTRO'S LIABITY TO SUTROVAX FOR THIRD PARTY PENALTIES, COSTS AND EXPENSES UNDER SECTION 2.9 SHALL NOT EXCEED [***].

EXCEPT (I) WITH RESPECT TO ANY BREACH OF ARTICLE 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY), (II) FOR THIRD PARTY PENALTIES, COSTS AND EXPENSES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 2.9, OR (III) FOR [***], TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, (A) NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER LIABILITY IS ASSERTED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER THEORY OR FORM OF ACTION, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF; AND (B) EACH PARTY'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY UNDER THIS SUPPLY AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED [***].

For any failure to supply compliant Product(s) in the later of the Delivery Time Period and the period ending [***] after the delivery date specified under the Work Order, without limiting SutroVax's other remedies, subject to this Section 2.9.2 and Section 9.3 (Limitation of Liability), Sutro shall be liable for any non-cancelable Third Party penalties, costs and expenses incurred by SutroVax as a result of Sutro's failure to supply Product(s) as aforesaid, subject to receipt by Sutro of appropriate documentary evidence of such penalties, costs and expenses to the extent such evidence of such amounts may be provided by SutroVax without breaching SutroVax's or its Affiliates' duties of confidentiality to such Third Party (and provided that SutroVax shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) minimize or eliminate such penalties, costs and expenses and (ii) where provision of such evidence to Sutro would result in a breach of such duties of confidentiality, to obtain the consent of the applicable Third Party to the provision of such evidence to Sutro).

Each Party shall provide the other with written evidence of such insurance upon reques

Each Party shall procure and maintain insurance, including clinical trials and product liability insurance, adequate to cover its obligations hereunder and consistent with normal business practices of prudent companies similarly situated at all times during which any Product or Vaccine Compositions is being clinically tested in human subjects or commercially distributed or sold by such Party.

. Each Party shall provide the other with written notice at least [***] days prior to the cancellation, non renewal or material change in such insurance.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT

UTC

Carrier Global Corporation

(each, a "Party" and together, the "Parties")

Otis

Otis Worldwide Corporation

United Technologies Corporation

Carrier

April 2, 2020

The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any conflict or choice-of-law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

delegate any or all of its obligations under this Agreement without the express prior written consent of the other Parties, except as follows

No Party may directly or indirectly sell, assign or otherwise transfer (whether by asset or stock sale, merger, reorganization or otherwise) any or all of its rights or

Subject to Section 3.2, each Assignor Party, on behalf of itself and the other members of the Assignor Group, hereby irrevocably assigns to the applicable Assignee Party, and agrees to irrevocably assign to the applicable Assignee Party, all of its and the other members of the Assignor Group's rights, title and interest in and to any and all Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Assignor Party or another member of the Assignor Group that meets one or more of the following descriptions: (a) the Intellectual Property Rights are Requester Foreground IPR conceived or created in the course of services concerning which the Assignee Party or another member of the Assignee Group was the Requester, and the Assignor Party or another member of the Assignor Group was the Performer; or (b) the Intellectual Property Rights are Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR conceived or created in the course of services concerning which the Assignee Party or another member of the Assignee Group was the Requester, and the Assignor Party or another member of the Assignor Group was the Performer; or

Without limiting the foregoing, and subject to Section 4.2, Otis and Carrier, on behalf of themselves and the other members of, respectively, the Otis Group and the Carrier Group, hereby irrevocably assign to UTC, and agree and promise to assign to UTC, (a) any and all rights, title and interest in and to the United Technologies Trademarks, including all goodwill appurtenant thereto held by them and the other members of the Otis Group and the Carrier Group, and (b) any and all registrations and applications for registration of Trademarks consisting of or containing any of the United Technologies Trademarks, anywhere in the world, to which Otis, Carrier or another member of the Otis Group or the Carrier Group holds a legal or equitable interest as of the Effective Time.

(c) the Intellectual Property Rights are Performer Foreground-Undelivered IPR conceived or created in the course of services concerning which the Assignor Party or another member of the Assignor Group was the Requester, and the Assignee Party or another member of the Assignee Group was the Performer (collectively, "Assigned Intellectual Property Rights").

Subject to Section 3.2, a Licensor Party, on behalf of itself and the other members of the Licensor Group, and solely to the extent the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group has the right to do so, hereby grants and agrees to grant to the applicable Licensee Party and the other members of the Licensee Group, subject to the field restriction of Section 3.1.2, a royalty-free, nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid-up, worldwide right and license, with the right to sublicense as provided in Section 3.1.3, to Exploit Intellectual Property Rights that are owned by the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group immediately following the assignments pursuant to Article II and meet one or more of the following descriptions with respect to the relevant Licensee Party: (a) the Intellectual Property Rights are rights under Licensed Patents or other Intellectual Property Rights that, in each case, as of the Effective Time, are either (A) used in connection with, or necessary for the ongoing conduct of, the current business of the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group, or (B) Contemplated to be Used in the business of the Licensee Party, or another member of the Licensee Group, in the Licensee Group Field; provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(a) does not apply to the Intellectual Property Rights received under or otherwise governed by an Excluded Agreement; and/or (b) the Intellectual Property Rights are embodied in an invention, or proposed invention, that is both (i) described in a Patent or Invention Disclosure held by the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group and (ii) conceived by at least one inventor who, at the time of conception, was employed by a member of the Licensee Group, a non-inclusive list of which inventions and proposed inventions are provided in Schedule 3.1.1(b), provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(b) does not apply to an invention conceived under or otherwise governed by an Excluded Agreement; and/or (c) the Intellectual Property Rights are subject to an assignment to the Licensor Party in Section 2.1.1(b) concerning Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR conceived or created in the course of services concerning which the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group was the Requester and the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group was the Performer; and/or

UTC, on behalf of itself and the other members of the UTC Group, hereby grants to Otis, Carrier and the other members of the Otis Group and the Carrier Group a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal and nonsublicensable right to continue temporarily to use, following the Effective Time, any United Technologies Trademark it is using immediately prior to the Effective Time, solely to the extent of such pre- Separation use and in accordance with product quality standards and programs in place at the respective member of the Otis Group or the Carrier Group immediately prior to the Effective Time, and strictly in accordance with this Section 4.2.3; provided that Otis and Carrier shall, and shall cause each of its respective Affiliates (including, after the Effective Time, the members of, respectively, the Otis Group and the Carrier Group) (a) not to hold itself out as having any affiliation with UTC or any member of the UTC Group (except to the extent a third party may infer such affiliation merely due to the limited use of the United Technologies Trademarks as contemplated herein), and (b) to use diligent efforts to eliminate use of the United Technologies Trademarks.

(d) the Intellectual Property Rights are Performer Background IPR or Patent rights of the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group and is necessary for the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Party to Exploit the Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR in the Licensee Group Field, provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(d) applies only to the extent necessary for the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group to Exploit the Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR in the Licensee Group Field. (collectively, "Licensed Intellectual Property Rights").

UTC, on behalf of itself and the other members of the UTC Group, hereby grants to Otis, Carrier and the other members of the Otis Group and the Carrier Group a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal and nonsublicensable right to continue temporarily to use, following the Effective Time, any United Technologies Trademark it is using immediately prior to the Effective Time, solely to the extent of such pre- Separation use and in accordance with product quality standards and programs in place at the respective member of the Otis Group or the Carrier Group immediately prior to the Effective Time, and strictly in accordance with this Section 4.2.3; provided that Otis and Carrier shall, and shall cause each of its respective Affiliates (including, after the Effective Time, the members of, respectively, the Otis Group and the Carrier Group) (a) not to hold itself out as having any affiliation with UTC or any member of the UTC Group (except to the extent a third party may infer such affiliation merely due to the limited use of the United Technologies Trademarks as contemplated herein), and (b) to use diligent efforts to eliminate use of the United Technologies Trademarks.

Subject to Section 3.2, a Licensor Party, on behalf of itself and the other members of the Licensor Group, and solely to the extent the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group has the right to do so, hereby grants and agrees to grant to the applicable Licensee Party and the other members of the Licensee Group, subject to the field restriction of Section 3.1.2, a royalty-free, nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid-up, worldwide right and license, with the right to sublicense as provided in Section 3.1.3, to Exploit Intellectual Property Rights that are owned by the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group immediately following the assignments pursuant to Article II and meet one or more of the following descriptions with respect to the relevant Licensee Party: (a) the Intellectual Property Rights are rights under Licensed Patents or other Intellectual Property Rights that, in each case, as of the Effective Time, are either (A) used in connection with, or necessary for the ongoing conduct of, the current business of the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group, or (B) Contemplated to be Used in the business of the Licensee Party, or another member of the Licensee Group, in the Licensee Group Field; provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(a) does not apply to the Intellectual Property Rights received under or otherwise governed by an Excluded Agreement; and/or (b) the Intellectual Property Rights are embodied in an invention, or proposed invention, that is both (i) described in a Patent or Invention Disclosure held by the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group and (ii) conceived by at least one inventor who, at the time of conception, was employed by a member of the Licensee Group, a non-inclusive list of which inventions and proposed inventions are provided in Schedule 3.1.1(b), provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(b) does not apply to an invention conceived under or otherwise governed by an Excluded Agreement; and/or (c) the Intellectual Property Rights are subject to an assignment to the Licensor Party in Section 2.1.1(b) concerning Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR conceived or created in the course of services concerning which the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group was the Requester and the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group was the Performer; and/or

(d) the Intellectual Property Rights are Performer Background IPR or Patent rights of the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group and is necessary for the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Party to Exploit the Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR in the Licensee Group Field, provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(d) applies only to the extent necessary for the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group to Exploit the Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR in the Licensee Group Field. (collectively, "Licensed Intellectual Property Rights").

Without limiting the foregoing, and subject to Section 4.2, Otis and Carrier, on behalf of themselves and the other members of, respectively, the Otis Group and the Carrier Group, hereby irrevocably assign to UTC, and agree and promise to assign to UTC, (a) any and all rights, title and interest in and to the United Technologies Trademarks, including all goodwill appurtenant thereto held by them and the other members of the Otis Group and the Carrier Group, and (b) any and all registrations and applications for registration of Trademarks consisting of or containing any of the United Technologies Trademarks, anywhere in the world, to which Otis, Carrier or another member of the Otis Group or the Carrier Group holds a legal or equitable interest as of the Effective Time.

UTC, on behalf of itself and the other members of the UTC Group, hereby grants to Otis, Carrier and the other members of the Otis Group and the Carrier Group a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal and nonsublicensable right to continue temporarily to use, following the Effective Time, any United Technologies Trademark it is using immediately prior to the Effective Time, solely to the extent of such pre- Separation use and in accordance with product quality standards and programs in place at the respective member of the Otis Group or the Carrier Group immediately prior to the Effective Time, and strictly in accordance with this Section 4.2.3; provided that Otis and Carrier shall, and shall cause each of its respective Affiliates (including, after the Effective Time, the members of, respectively, the Otis Group and the Carrier Group) (a) not to hold itself out as having any affiliation with UTC or any member of the UTC Group (except to the extent a third party may infer such affiliation merely due to the limited use of the United Technologies Trademarks as contemplated herein), and (b) to use diligent efforts to eliminate use of the United Technologies Trademarks.

Subject to Section 3.2, a Licensor Party, on behalf of itself and the other members of the Licensor Group, and solely to the extent the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group has the right to do so, hereby grants and agrees to grant to the applicable Licensee Party and the other members of the Licensee Group, subject to the field restriction of Section 3.1.2, a royalty-free, nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid-up, worldwide right and license, with the right to sublicense as provided in Section 3.1.3, to Exploit Intellectual Property Rights that are owned by the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group immediately following the assignments pursuant to Article II and meet one or more of the following descriptions with respect to the relevant Licensee Party: (a) the Intellectual Property Rights are rights under Licensed Patents or other Intellectual Property Rights that, in each case, as of the Effective Time, are either (A) used in connection with, or necessary for the ongoing conduct of, the current business of the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group, or (B) Contemplated to be Used in the business of the Licensee Party, or another member of the Licensee Group, in the Licensee Group Field; provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(a) does not apply to the Intellectual Property Rights received under or otherwise governed by an Excluded Agreement; and/or (b) the Intellectual Property Rights are embodied in an invention, or proposed invention, that is both (i) described in a Patent or Invention Disclosure held by the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group and (ii) conceived by at least one inventor who, at the time of conception, was employed by a member of the Licensee Group, a non-inclusive list of which inventions and proposed inventions are provided in Schedule 3.1.1(b), provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(b) does not apply to an invention conceived under or otherwise governed by an Excluded Agreement; and/or (c) the Intellectual Property Rights are subject to an assignment to the Licensor Party in Section 2.1.1(b) concerning Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR conceived or created in the course of services concerning which the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group was the Requester and the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group was the Performer; and/or

4.2.3 UTC, on behalf of itself and the other members of the UTC Group, hereby grants to Otis, Carrier and the other members of the Otis Group and the Carrier Group a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal and nonsublicensable right to continue temporarily to use, following the Effective Time, any United Technologies Trademark it is using immediately prior to the Effective Time, solely to the extent of such pre- Separation use and in accordance with product quality standards and programs in place at the respective member of the Otis Group or the Carrier Group immediately prior to the Effective Time, and strictly in accordance with this Section 4.2.3; provided that Otis and Carrier shall, and shall cause each of its respective Affiliates (including, after the Effective Time, the members of, respectively, the Otis Group and the Carrier Group) (a) not to hold itself out as having any affiliation with UTC or any member of the UTC Group (except to the extent a third party may infer such affiliation merely due to the limited use of the United Technologies Trademarks as contemplated herein), and (b) to use diligent efforts to eliminate use of the United Technologies Trademarks.

(d) the Intellectual Property Rights are Performer Background IPR or Patent rights of the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group and is necessary for the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Party to Exploit the Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR in the Licensee Group Field, provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(d) applies only to the extent necessary for the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group to Exploit the Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR in the Licensee Group Field. (collectively, "Licensed Intellectual Property Rights").

Subject to Section 3.2, a Licensor Party, on behalf of itself and the other members of the Licensor Group, and solely to the extent the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group has the right to do so, hereby grants and agrees to grant to the applicable Licensee Party and the other members of the Licensee Group, subject to the field restriction of Section 3.1.2, a royalty-free, nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid-up, worldwide right and license, with the right to sublicense as provided in Section 3.1.3, to Exploit Intellectual Property Rights that are owned by the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group immediately following the assignments pursuant to Article II and meet one or more of the following descriptions with respect to the relevant Licensee Party: (a) the Intellectual Property Rights are rights under Licensed Patents or other Intellectual Property Rights that, in each case, as of the Effective Time, are either (A) used in connection with, or necessary for the ongoing conduct of, the current business of the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group, or (B) Contemplated to be Used in the business of the Licensee Party, or another member of the Licensee Group, in the Licensee Group Field; provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(a) does not apply to the Intellectual Property Rights received under or otherwise governed by an Excluded Agreement; and/or (b) the Intellectual Property Rights are embodied in an invention, or proposed invention, that is both (i) described in a Patent or Invention Disclosure held by the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group and (ii) conceived by at least one inventor who, at the time of conception, was employed by a member of the Licensee Group, a non-inclusive list of which inventions and proposed inventions are provided in Schedule 3.1.1(b), provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(b) does not apply to an invention conceived under or otherwise governed by an Excluded Agreement; and/or (c) the Intellectual Property Rights are subject to an assignment to the Licensor Party in Section 2.1.1(b) concerning Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR conceived or created in the course of services concerning which the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group was the Requester and the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group was the Performer; and/or

(d) the Intellectual Property Rights are Performer Background IPR or Patent rights of the Licensor Party or another member of the Licensor Group and is necessary for the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Party to Exploit the Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR in the Licensee Group Field, provided, however, that the license granted in this Section 3.1.1(d) applies only to the extent necessary for the Licensee Party or another member of the Licensee Group to Exploit the Performer Foreground-Delivered IPR in the Licensee Group Field.

In the event of any breach of this Agreement, the sole remedy of the non-breaching Party will be to seek monetary damages or equitable relief, including specific performance, as provided in Article VII, that does not involve a rescission or termination of any of the provisions of this Agreement (including the license rights provided in this Article III), and each Party irrevocably waives the right to seek any termination or rescission of any such provisions or rights.

Except in connection with a Party's willful and intentional breach of this Agreement or fraud, in no event shall any Party or its Affiliates, under any circumstances, be liable or obligated in any manner to another Party or its Affiliates for any consequential, special, incidental, exemplary, indirect, punitive or similar damages, or for any loss of future revenue, profits or income, or for any diminution in value damages measured as a multiple of earnings, revenue or any other performance metric arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, even if such Party or its Affiliate is informed in advance of the possibility of such damages occurring and regardless of whether or not the damages were foreseeable and regardless of the theory or cause of action upon which any damages might be based.

Otis and Carrier, on behalf of themselves and the other members of, respectively, the Otis Group and the Carrier Group, agree and promise not to (a) challenge in any jurisdiction or venue the right or title of UTC or any other members of the UTC Group in and to any United Technologies Trademark, or the validity or enforceability of any United Technologies Trademark or any registration thereof, or (b) register or renew, attempt to register or renew, or assist a Person other than UTC or a member of the UTC Group in registering or renewing, any United Technologies Trademark.

Strategic Alliance Agreement

Kiddo, Inc.

Company"

Giggles N' Hugs, Inc.

Consultant

May 17, 2016

May 17, 2016

Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.

This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California excluding that body of law pertaining to conflict of laws, except with respect to issues governed by the copyright laws of the United States.

(ii) solicit, participate in or promote the solicitation of any of the Company's clients, customers, or prospective customers with whom Consultant had a Material Contact (hereinafter defined) and/or regarding whom Consultant received Confidential Information, for the purpose of providing products or services ("Competitive Products/Services").

Consultant will not, during the Term, and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, directly or indirectly:

Consultant will not, during the Term, and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, recruit or promote the solicitation or recruitment of any employee or consultant of the Company for the purpose of encouraging that employee or consultant to leave the Company's employ or sever an agreement for services

The services provided for in this Agreement, are of a personal nature and Consultant may not assign or transfer any of Consultant's rights or delegate any of Consultant's obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the Company's express prior written consent. Any attempted assignment, transfer or delegation, without such consent, will be void.

Consultant agrees that, regardless of whether the Innovations are legally works made for hire, all Innovations will be the sole and exclusive property of the Company.

Consultant hereby irrevocably transfers and assigns to the Company, and agrees to irrevocably transfer and assign to the Company, all right, title and interest in and to the Innovations, including all worldwide patent rights (including patent applications and disclosures), copyright rights, mask work rights, trade secret rights, know-how, and any and all other intellectual property or proprietary rights (collectively, "Intellectual Property Rights") therein.

Consultant agrees to disclose in writing to the Company all inventions, products, designs, drawings, notes, documents, information, documentation, improvements, works of authorship, processes, techniques, know-how, algorithms, technical and business plans, specifications, hardware, circuits, computer languages, computer programs, databases, user interfaces, encoding techniques, and other materials or innovations of any kind that Consultant may make, conceive, develop or reduce to practice, alone or jointly with others, in connection with performing Services or that result from or that are related to such Services, whether or not they are eligible for patent, copyright, mask work, trade secret, trademark or other legal protection (collectively, "Innovations"). (ii) Ownership of Innovations

Consultant also hereby irrevocably transfers and assigns to the Company, and agrees to irrevocably transfer and assign to the Company, and waives and agrees never to assert, any and all Moral Rights (as defined below) that Consultant may have in or with respect to any Innovation, during and after the term of this Agreement.

At the Company's request and expense, during and after the term of this Agreement, Consultant will assist and cooperate with the Company in all respects and will execute documents, and, subject to the reasonable availability of Consultant, give testimony and take such further acts reasonably requested by the Company to enable the Company to acquire, transfer, maintain, perfect and enforce its Intellectual Property Rights and other legal protections for the Innovations. Consultant hereby appoints the officers of the Company, as Consultant's attorney-in-fact to execute documents on behalf of Consultant for this limited purpose.

Consultant and the Company agree that, to the fullest extent legally possible, all Innovations will be works made for hire owned exclusively by the Company.

COLOGUARD PROMOTION AGREEMENT

Exact

Pfizer

Pfizer and Exact may each be referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

Exact Sciences Corporation

Pfizer Inc.

August 21, 2018

August 21, 2018

This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles thereof.

Commencing on the Launch Date, Exact and its Affiliates hereby grant to Pfizer and its Affiliates, on an exclusive basis for the Co-Promote Field (except as to Exact and its Affiliates), and Pfizer accepts, the right and obligation to Promote and Detail the Product in the Territory during the Term jointly with Exact, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, all Applicable Laws and the applicable Annual Marketing Plan.

Subject to compliance by Pfizer with the terms of this Section 3.2(d), during the Term, Exact agrees (A) not to enter into any new binding arrangement with any media vendor for Advertising of the Product without the written consent of Pfizer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, (B) not to meet with any advertising agency or media vendor to discuss any Advertising proposals for content development and creative direction of the Product, without providing Pfizer with a reasonable opportunity for a representative of Pfizer present and participate and (C) to promptly inform Pfizer if it enters into any arrangement with any advertising agency with respect to the Product.

After the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Effective Date, either Party may terminate this Agreement upon six (6) months prior written notice to the other Party.

Promptly upon receipt of notice from Pfizer, Exact and Pfizer shall engage in exclusive good faith negotiations to enter into a definitive written agreement for the OB/Gyn Commercial Rights.

During the Term, if Exact (i) enters a formal process authorized or directed by its board of directors or CEO to seek and enter into an arrangement or (ii) intends to agree to a term sheet or seeks to sign a letter of intent or similar arrangement to grant an exclusive commercial license to a Third Party solely to promote or sell the Product outside the Territory ("Ex-US Commercial Rights"), Exact shall first notify Pfizer of such intent (a "Ex-US Commercial Rights Transfer Notice") and Pfizer shall have thirty (30) days thereafter to notify Exact of its desire to obtain the Ex-US Commercial Rights that are the subject of the Ex-US Commercial Rights Transfer Notice.

Promptly upon receipt of notice from Pfizer, Exact and Pfizer shall engage in exclusive good faith negotiations to enter into a definitive written agreement for the Ex-US Commercial Rights.

If Pfizer and Exact are unable to reach agreement on the terms of such Product rights within forty-five (45) days of the commencement of negotiations, Exact shall be free to enter into negotiations and consummate an agreement with any Third Party regarding such Ex-US Commercial Rights; provided that the economic terms of such agreement shall be no more favorable to such Third Party than those last offered to Pfizer.

During the Term, if Exact desires to grant an exclusive commercial license to a Third Party solely to Promote or sell the Product in the OB/Gyn Field in the Territory (the "OB/Gyn Commercial Rights"), Exact shall first notify Pfizer of such intent (a "OB/Gyn Commercial Rights Transfer Notice") and Pfizer shall have thirty (30) days thereafter to notify Exact of its desire to obtain the OB/Gyn Commercial Rights that are the subject of the OB/Gyn Commercial Rights Transfer Notice.

If Pfizer and Exact are unable to reach agreement on the terms of such Product rights within forty-five (45) days of the commencement of negotiations, then Exact shall be free to enter into negotiations and consummate an agreement with any Third Party regarding such OB/Gyn Commercial Rights; provided that the economic terms of such agreement shall be no more favorable to such Third Party than those last offered to Pfizer.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may, without consent of the other Party, assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder in whole or in part to an Affiliate of such Party, or in whole to its successor in interest in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of its stock or its assets to which this Agreement relates, or in connection with a merger, acquisition or similar transaction.

This Agreement may be terminated by either Party upon six (6) months written notice following a Change of Control of Exact; provided that such notice is given within thirty (30) days of the consummation of such Change of Control.

This Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred, nor may any right or obligation hereunder be assigned or transferred, by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party.

Such royalty payment shall be payable to Pfizer within thirty (30) days of the end of each Calendar Quarter.

Subject to Pfizer's compliance with Sections 3.4(a)(i) and 3.4(a)(ii), (A) Exact shall pay Pfizer the amount, if any, by which the aggregate amount of the Promotion Fee incurred by Exact to Pfizer during the remainder of 2018 Calendar Year and 2019 Calendar Year (the "First Promotion Fee Period") is less than $37.5 million (the "First Supplemental Promotion Fee"), and (B) Exact shall pay Pfizer the amount, if any, by which the aggregate Promotion Fee incurred by Exact to Pfizer during each of Calendar Year 2020 and 2021 is less than $30 million ("Annual Supplemental Promotion Fee"), in each case to compensate Pfizer for the sales, Marketing and other performance provided by Pfizer under this Agreement.

Royalty payments shall be determined by multiplying the Laboratory Services Revenue and the applicable royalty rate from the chart below. Cumulative Incremental Laboratory Services Revenue during the Term Applicable Royalty Rate If < $200 million 0% If > $200 million and < $400 million 1% If > $400 million and < $600 million 2% If > $600 million 3%

After the expiration of the Term or termination pursuant to Section 8.4 by either Party or Section 8.6 by Exact, based on cumulative Incremental Laboratory Services Revenue achieved during the Term or up to the termination date, Exact agrees to pay Pfizer the applicable royalty payment set forth below for twelve (12) consecutive Calendar Quarters following the expiration of the Term (the "Tail Period"); provided, however, the Tail Period shall be reduced to the number of full Calendar Quarters completed during the Term if less than twelve (12) Calendar Quarters if either Party terminates the Agreement without cause pursuant to Section 8.4 or Exact terminates as a result of a Change of Control pursuant to Section 8.6.

From the Launch Date and ending on the last day of the next Calendar Quarter and each subsequent Calendar Quarter during the Term, Exact shall owe Pfizer a service fee equal to fifty percent (50%) of the product of: Laboratory Service Revenue minus Baseline Laboratory Service Revenue ("Incremental Laboratory Service Revenue") for the Calendar Quarter multiplied by Gross Margin Percent for the Calendar Quarter (such product, the "Promotion Fee").

Exact agrees it shall spend at least eighty million dollars ($80,000,000) toward Marketing and Promotion (including any amounts spent between January 1, 2018 and the Effective Date) and the pro-rated Shared M&P Expense for 2018.

Notwithstanding the above, Pfizer agrees to invest its portion of Shared M&P Expense each Calendar Year subject to, (a) Exact spending at least twelve million dollars ($12,000,000) in Baseline M&P Expense each Calendar Quarter (provided, that notwithstanding Exact's quarterly spend for Baseline M&P Expense, Exact shall spend a total of eighty million dollars ($80,000,000) in Baseline M&P Expense each Calendar Year measured as of the end of each Calendar Year), (b) an amount equal to the total Shared M&P Expense contributed by both Parties is used for Marketing and Promotion and (c) a total sum of not less than eighty million dollars ($80,000,000) of Baseline M&P Expense is used for Marketing and Promotional activities, including the costs of Exact Sponsorships and Related Activities; provided, however, the Parties may agree to reallocate Shared M&P Expenses by 28

Source: EXACT SCIENCES CORP, 8-K, 8/22/2018





mutual written consent.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Exact on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to Pfizer a non-exclusive, royalty free license, with the right to sublicense to one or more of its Affiliates, under the Exact House Marks, the Exact Trademarks and the Exact Copyrights, during the Term, to the extent necessary or appropriate to allow Pfizer and its Affiliates to carry out activities under this Agreement including to Promote and Detail the Product in the Co-Promote Field in the Territory.

Except as set forth in this Agreement, such right shall be non-transferable and non-sublicensable.

(except as provided in this Agreement) and shall automatically terminate upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

Such license shall be non-transferable and non-sublicensable

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Exact on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to Pfizer a non-exclusive, royalty free license, with the right to sublicense to one or more of its Affiliates, under the Exact House Marks, the Exact Trademarks and the Exact Copyrights, during the Term, to the extent necessary or appropriate to allow Pfizer and its Affiliates to carry out activities under this Agreement including to Promote and Detail the Product in the Co-Promote Field in the Territory.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Exact on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to Pfizer a non-exclusive, royalty free license, with the right to sublicense to one or more of its Affiliates, under the Exact House Marks, the Exact Trademarks and the Exact Copyrights, during the Term, to the extent necessary or appropriate to allow Pfizer and its Affiliates to carry out activities under this Agreement including to Promote and Detail the Product in the Co-Promote Field in the Territory.

Exact shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide six (6) month notice prior to the expiry of the Term, or in the case of termination by Pfizer under Section 8.4, within the applicable notice period in advance of the effective date of such termination, that Exact intends for Pfizer to continue providing Advertising services for the Product pursuant to Section 3.2(d).

After the expiration of the Term or termination pursuant to Section 8.4 by either Party or Section 8.6 by Exact, based on cumulative Incremental Laboratory Services Revenue achieved during the Term or up to the termination date, Exact agrees to pay Pfizer the applicable royalty payment set forth below for twelve (12) consecutive Calendar Quarters following the expiration of the Term (the "Tail Period"); provided, however, the Tail Period shall be reduced to the number of full Calendar Quarters completed during the Term if less than twelve (12) Calendar Quarters if either Party terminates the Agreement without cause pursuant to Section 8.4 or Exact terminates as a result of a Change of Control pursuant to Section 8.6.

Upon thirty (30) days prior written notice from an Auditing Party, the Audited Party shall permit the Auditing Party's external auditors access to any relevant books documents, papers, and records of the Party involving any report delivered pursuant to Sections 3.2(d), 3.4(d) and 4.3(a) of this Agreement and the activities performed under this Agreement, if the other Party has credible evidence that the other Party violated terms of this Agreement, including with respect to Product Training under Section 3(e).

Upon thirty (30) days prior written notice from a Party (the "Auditing Party"), the other Party (the "Audited Party") shall permit an independent certified public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing selected by the Auditing Party and reasonably acceptable to the Audited Party, to examine, at the Auditing Party's sole expense, the relevant books and records of the Audited Party and its Affiliates as may be reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of the reports submitted by the Audited Party in accordance with Sections 3.4(d), 4.1(c) and 4.3(a) and the payment of Promotion Fees hereunder.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, EXCEPT FOR (A) INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF A PARTY UNDER SECTION 6.1, (B) A BREACH OF SECTION 7 BY A PARTY OR (C) THE WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE OF A PARTY, NEITHER PARTY NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES OR PENALTIES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, EXCEPT FOR (A) INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF A PARTY UNDER SECTION 6.1, (B) A BREACH OF SECTION 7 BY A PARTY OR (C) THE WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE OF A PARTY, NEITHER PARTY NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES OR PENALTIES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Each Party agrees to obtain and maintain, during the Term and for five (5) years after the Term, commercial general liability insurance, including products liability insurance, with minimum "A-" AM Best rated insurance carriers, in each case with limits of not less than five million dollars ($5,000,000) per occurrence and in the aggregate

Pfizer and its Affiliates will be an additional insured on Exact's commercial general liability and products liability policies, and be provided with a waiver of subrogation.

CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

MobileVision Communications Ltd.

IMNTV

Distributor

Global Music International, Inc. d/b/a Independent Music Network

13/07/05

This Agreement is effective as of the last date signed below ("Effective Date").

13/07/05

The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").

IMNTV will extend the Agreement on the same terms and conditions for additional one-year terms, providing Distributor and IMNTV agree, predicated on satisfactory performance by both parties

This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to conflicts of law provisions.

This Agreement is binding upon each party's assigns, transferees and successors; provided that no party may assign or otherwise transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, this Agreement in whole or in part, without the other party's prior written consent.

Subscription fee in Territory is to be determined based on market research performed by Distributor with pricing to be agreed upon jointly and in writing Each quarter, Distributor will make royalty payments to IMNTV based on a Structure as follows:

55% of subscriber revenue for the subscription based services broadcasting IMNTV content only, net of telecom percentage provided in accordance with this Agreement.

During the Term, for the activities described in this Agreement, IMNTV hereby grants Distributor non-exclusive rights and licenses necessary within the Territory to: (a) copy, store digitally, host and stream the Programming; (b) publicly perform, publicly display, electronically transmit, distribute and broadcast the Programming; (c) promote the Programming and use IMNTV Marks for Distributor's promotion of the Programming as activities described in Section 2.4 above; (d) archive the Programming on Distributor's servers; (e) encode, copy, and create continuous Programming excerpts of up to sixty (60) seconds and transmit, publicly perform, distribute, and redistribute such excerpts to

During the Term, for the activities described in this Agreement, IMNTV hereby grants Distributor non-exclusive rights and licenses necessary within the Territory to: (a) copy, store digitally, host and stream the Programming; (b) publicly perform, publicly display, electronically transmit, distribute and broadcast the Programming; (c) promote the Programming and use IMNTV Marks for Distributor's promotion of the Programming as activities described in Section 2.4 above; (d) archive the Programming on Distributor's servers; (e) encode, copy, and create continuous Programming excerpts of up to sixty (60) seconds and transmit, publicly perform, distribute, and redistribute such excerpts to end users via the Distributor's Portal for marketing purposes only(f) deep link to the Programming.

In the event that Distributor terminates this Agreement pursuant to either Section 7.2 or 7.3 above, Distributor will notify Subscribers that the Programming is no longer available.

NO PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY IN TORT, CONTRACT OR UNDER ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL LOSS OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF APPRISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING

IN NO EVENT WILL IMNTV'S LIABILITY TO DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY DUE TO IMNTV HEREIN.

FORM OF TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT

Licensor

HERTZ INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC

HERTZ GROUP REALTY TRUST, INC.

"Licensee" and together with Licensor, the "Parties"),

September ___, 2019

September ___, 2019

The provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California (excluding any conflict of law rule or principle that would refer to the laws of another jurisdiction).

Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving the other Party thirty (30) days' prior written notice.

This Agreement and all rights and licenses granted under this Agreement shall terminate as soon as practicable, but no longer than thirty (30) days, after: 3.2.1 Licensee is acquired by a third party; or 3.2.2 Licensor or any affiliate of Licensor ceases to manage Licensee.

Licensed Users may not assign this Agreement and/or any rights and/or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Licensor and any such attempted assignment shall be void.

Licensor hereby grants Licensed Users a nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicensable, royalty-free license, during the term of this Agreement, to use and display the Licensed Trade Name and the Licensed Mark in the United States solely in connection with the Licensee's corporate name and identifying mark.

Licensor hereby grants Licensed Users a nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicensable, royalty-free license, during the term of this Agreement, to use and display the Licensed Trade Name and the Licensed Mark in the United States solely in connection with the Licensee's corporate name and identifying mark.

IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR OR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF GOODWILL, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE LICENSED MARK, EVEN IF LICENSOR IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Licensed Users shall not challenge the validity of the Licensed Mark, nor shall Licensed Users challenge Licensor's ownership of the Licensed Mark or the enforceability of Licensor's rights therein.

e-business Hosting Agreement

IBM

The Quantum Group Inc.

Customer

International Business Machines Corporation

This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date").

months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.

This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)

This Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions.

Customer may terminate this Agreement, or any portion of Services specified herein, for convenience by: providing at least sixty (60) days prior written notice to IBM; and paying the applicable early termination charges specified in Attachment C.

The assignment of this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any Affiliates in the United States or to a successor organization by merger or acquisition does not require the consent of the other.

Neither party may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other.

Customer's data traffic between the e-business Hosting Center and the Internet may not exceed Committed Bandwidth, unless otherwise expressly specified in an Attachment.

If Customer's Peak Bandwidth Usage for the month exceeds Committed Bandwidth, Customer will incur a Peak Bandwidth Usage charge, for the amount of usage that exceeds Committed Bandwidth, at the rate specified in Attachment C.

Customer is allowed up to three (3) emergency requests per month at no additional charge.

Restore System Images at no additional charge up to two (2) times per month per Managed Server per Customer.

Customer hereby grants to IBM, its Affiliates and Subcontractors all rights and licenses to, or agrees to promptly obtain and keep in effect Required Consents for all Customer Components, necessary for IBM to perform all of its obligations as set forth in this Agreement.

IBM grants Customer an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, paid-up license to use, execute, reproduce, display, and perform copies of such Materials and distribute within Customer's Affiliates only.

IBM grants Customer a nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to access and use the Base Components solely in connection with the Services as provided under this Agreement.

IBM grants Customer a nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to access and use the Base Components solely in connection with the Services as provided under this Agreement.

Customer hereby grants to IBM, its Affiliates and Subcontractors all rights and licenses to, or agrees to promptly obtain and keep in effect Required Consents for all Customer Components, necessary for IBM to perform all of its obligations as set forth in this Agreement.

IBM grants Customer an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, paid-up license to use, execute, reproduce, display, and perform copies of such Materials and distribute within Customer's Affiliates only.

In no event will either party be liable to the other for special, incidental, or indirect damages or for any consequential damages (including lost profits or savings), even if they are informed of the possibility; provided that this Section 10.0 does not apply to Customer's failure to pay any amounts owing to IBM under this Agreement (including amounts owing for Services that would have been rendered but for Customer's breach of this Agreement).

It is the cumulative maximum for which IBM and its Affiliates and Subcontractors are collectively responsible.

This is IBM's entire obligation to Customer with regard to any claim of infringement.

Neither party will bring a legal action related to this Agreement more than two years after the cause of action accrued.

In no event will either party be liable to the other for special, incidental, or indirect damages or for any consequential damages (including lost profits or savings), even if they are informed of the possibility; provided that this Section 10.0 does not apply to Customer's failure to pay any amounts owing to IBM under this Agreement (including amounts owing for Services that would have been rendered but for Customer's breach of this Agreement).

If such modification has a material adverse effect on the Customer's use of the Services and provided such modification is not required by law, regulation, or similar governmental action, or a ruling by a court of competent jurisdiction, Customer's sole remedy is to terminate this Agreement without the payment of termination charges provided Customer gives IBM notice of its intent to terminate within ninety (90) days of the effective date of such modification.

Customer agrees that its sole remedy for IBM's failure to meet an SLA Target Percentage is the Availability Credit as provided in this Attachment.

Regardless of the basis on which Customer is entitled to claim damages from IBM (including fundamental breach, negligence, misrepresentation, or other contract or tort claim), IBM is liable for no more than: indemnification payments as provided in Section 8.1; damages for bodily injury (including death) and damage to real property and tangible personal property; and the amount of any other actual direct damages, up to the greater of $100,000 or the charges paid by Customer to IBM for the Services in the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the accrual of the first claim related to the Services.

IBM will give Customer a credit equal to the amount Customer paid IBM for the applicable Materials or for use of the applicable Base Components up to a maximum of twelve (12) months of applicable charges.

Customer is responsible for obtaining and maintaining personal property insurance sufficient to cover the value of Customer Components;

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

the "Company" or "Phreesia"

Phreesia

Allscripts

Phreesia, Inc.

Company

Allscripts Healthcare, LLC

December 10, 2015

December 10, 2015

The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.

Unless this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 25, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional successive [***] terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless and until either Party provides written notice of non-renewal to the other Party at least [***] prior to the end of the then-current Term.

Unless this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 25, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional successive [***] terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless and until either Party provides written notice of non-renewal to the other Party at least [***] prior to the end of the then-current Term.

This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Illinois applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that State without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions.

During the term of this Agreement and for a period of [***] thereafter, neither Party nor its controlled Affiliates will, without the prior written consent of the other Party, directly or indirectly solicit for employment any then-current employee of the other Party or its controlled Affiliates; [***].

Termination for Convenience. [***].

Neither Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer any of its obligations or performance, under this Agreement, in each case whether voluntarily or involuntarily, without the other Party's prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.

Except for the performance of the Merchant Processing Services, the Company will not subcontract any of its obligations under this Agreement to a third party, including the provision of any Services, without Allscripts' prior written consent.

Any assignment, delegation, or other transfer without such prior written consent will be null and void.

(b) the marketing, promoting, distributing, reselling, or provision of the Installed Software or the Subscription Software Services, directly or through Allscripts Resellers or Partnering Organizations, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement;

(c) enabling Allscripts products and services to interface or otherwise integrate, interact, or interoperate with the Installed Software and the Subscription Software Services , including performing any integration or interface development efforts with respect to the Installed Software, Subscription Software Services or any integrated product with any Allscripts products and services, or internally testing, evaluating, and performing validation and verification with respect to the Installed Software, Subscription Software Services or any integrated product with any Allscripts products and services (it being understood that the foregoing activities will not affect the Company's representations and warranties in Section 21);

(d) reselling Subscriptions (through multiple levels of sublicensees) to (i) Sublicensed Customers pursuant to Customer Agreements in accordance with this Agreement and (ii) Allscripts' Affiliates or to Allscripts Resellers or Partnering Organizations (subject to Sections 2.4 and 2.5) to carry out any of the purposes set forth in this Agreement;

(e) creating backups and other copies of the Installed Software solely to the extent necessary to perform its obligations hereunder in the ordinary course of business;

(f) managing, operating, and hosting (i) any Installed Software, (ii) the Allscripts products that will interface with the Installed Software or Subscription Software Services on behalf of Sublicensed Customers and (iii) authorizing its Sublicensed Customers, Allscripts Resellers or Partnering Organizations to do the same;

(g) generating, printing, copying, downloading, and storing all Data and other displays and output, as may result from any execution or other use of the Subscription Software Services and authorizing its Sublicensed Customers, Allscripts Resellers or Partnering Organizations to do the same; and

(h) all other purposes reasonably necessary to carry out any of the foregoing.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Allscripts hereby grants to the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), fully paid-up right and license under all of Allscripts' Intellectual Property to use the Allscripts Marks, throughout the Territory, solely in connection with providing the Installed Software and Subscription Software Services to Sublicensed Customers who have signed a Customer Agreement and to otherwise fulfill the terms of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts and its Affiliates a non- exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid-up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to, throughout the Territory, access, use, reproduce, perform, display, modify, create derivative works of, transmit, demonstrate, test, operate, port, configure, distribute, and make available the Installed Software and Subscription Software Services solely for the purposes of:

(a) Allscripts' and its Affiliates' internal use of the Installed Software and Subscription Software Services as permitted hereunder, including with respect to its marketing, selling, development, service, and support activities under this Agreement, and including the training of Allscripts employees, contractors, and other authorized Representatives on the marketing, selling, planning, supporting, and use of the Installed Software, Subscription Software Services or any integrated product with any Allscripts products and services;

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts and its Affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty- free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid- up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to use the Company's brands, trademarks, product and service names, logos and slogans (the "Company Marks"), throughout the Territory, solely in connection with the marketing, selling, or provision of the Installed Software and the Subscription Software Services and Merchant Processing Services permitted hereunder or to otherwise fulfill the terms of this Agreement. [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable , non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid-up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to access, use, reproduce, perform, display, transmit, demonstrate, test, operate, port, configure, distribute, and make derivative works of the Documentation, Company Marketing Materials and Allscripts Marketing Materials, in whole or in part, throughout the Territory, for any purpose consistent with Section 8.1, [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts and its Affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty- free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid- up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to use the Company's brands, trademarks, product and service names, logos and slogans (the "Company Marks"), throughout the Territory, solely in connection with the marketing, selling, or provision of the Installed Software and the Subscription Software Services and Merchant Processing Services permitted hereunder or to otherwise fulfill the terms of this Agreement. [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Allscripts hereby grants to the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), fully paid-up right and license under all of Allscripts' Intellectual Property to use the Allscripts Marks, throughout the Territory, solely in connection with providing the Installed Software and Subscription Software Services to Sublicensed Customers who have signed a Customer Agreement and to otherwise fulfill the terms of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable , non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid-up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to access, use, reproduce, perform, display, transmit, demonstrate, test, operate, port, configure, distribute, and make derivative works of the Documentation, Company Marketing Materials and Allscripts Marketing Materials, in whole or in part, throughout the Territory, for any purpose consistent with Section 8.1, [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts and its Affiliates a non- exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid-up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to, throughout the Territory, access, use, reproduce, perform, display, modify, create derivative works of, transmit, demonstrate, test, operate, port, configure, distribute, and make available the Installed Software and Subscription Software Services

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts and its Affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty- free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid- up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to use the Company's brands, trademarks, product and service names, logos and slogans (the "Company Marks"), throughout the Territory, solely in connection with the marketing, selling, or provision of the Installed Software and the Subscription Software Services and Merchant Processing Services permitted hereunder or to otherwise fulfill the terms of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable , non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid-up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to access, use, reproduce, perform, display, transmit, demonstrate, test, operate, port, configure, distribute, and make derivative works of the Documentation, Company Marketing Materials and Allscripts Marketing Materials, in whole or in part, throughout the Territory, for any purpose consistent with Section 8.1, [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts and its Affiliates a non- exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid-up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to, throughout the Territory, access, use, reproduce, perform, display, modify, create derivative works of, transmit, demonstrate, test, operate, port, configure, distribute, and make available the Installed Software and Subscription Software Services

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts and its Affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty- free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid- up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to use the Company's brands, trademarks, product and service names, logos and slogans (the "Company Marks"), throughout the Territory, solely in connection with the marketing, selling, or provision of the Installed Software and the Subscription Software Services and Merchant Processing Services permitted hereunder or to otherwise fulfill the terms of this Agreement. [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Allscripts hereby grants to the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), fully paid-up right and license under all of Allscripts' Intellectual Property to use the Allscripts Marks, throughout the Territory, solely in connection with providing the Installed Software and Subscription Software Services to Sublicensed Customers who have signed a Customer Agreement and to otherwise fulfill the terms of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable , non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid-up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to access, use, reproduce, perform, display, transmit, demonstrate, test, operate, port, configure, distribute, and make derivative works of the Documentation, Company Marketing Materials and Allscripts Marketing Materials, in whole or in part, throughout the Territory, for any purpose consistent with Section 8.1, [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts and its Affiliates a non- exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid-up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to, throughout the Territory, access, use, reproduce, perform, display, modify, create derivative works of, transmit, demonstrate, test, operate, port, configure, distribute, and make available the Installed Software and Subscription Software Services

Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, the Company will (i) provide reasonable cooperation and assistance to Allscripts, at Allscripts' written request and to the extent necessary to fulfill any continuing obligations under this Agreement, in transitioning the terminated Support Services to an alternative service provider; and [***].

The rights set forth in this Section 17.4(b) may not be exercised by an auditing Party more frequently than one (1) time in any twelve (12)-month period.

The Parties will mutually agree, reasonably and in good faith, on the timeframe for such audit to be conducted. Any such audit will be conducted during the audited Party's regular business hours and in a manner that minimizes interference with the audited Party's normal business activities.

During the term of this Agreement, [***], each Party will have the right to engage, at its own expense, an independent auditor reasonably acceptable to the other Party to review the other Party's books and records solely for the purpose of confirming the other Party's compliance with its pricing and payment obligations hereunder.

As applicable under the Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1980, until the expiration of four (4) years after the furnishing of Services pursuant to this Agreement, the Company will, upon receipt of written request, and if then requested to make such information available under the then-existing Law, make available to the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the Comptroller General of the U.S. Department of Secretary of Health and Human Services, or any of their fully-authorized representatives, the books, documents, and/or records of the Company that are necessary to verify the nature and extent of costs associated therewith.

Each Party will bear all costs and expenses it incurs in connection with preparing for, conducting, or complying with any such audit including, in the case of the auditing Party, the costs and expenses of conducting the audit.

The auditing Party will furnish the audited Party with written notice at least [***] prior to the date that it desires to commence such audit.

The limitations in Section 23.1(b) will not apply to (a) losses arising out of or relating to a Party's breach of its obligations in Section 8 (excluding Section 8.4(g)) or Sections 1.1, 1.2, 1.4, 1.6 or 6.1 of the Restated Developer Agreement, (b) losses arising out of a Party's breach of Section 19 or the Business Associate Agreement; (c) a Party's indemnification obligations under Sections 22.1(b) through 22.1(e) or Sections 22.3(b) through 22.3(e); (d) losses arising from a Party's gross negligence or more culpable conduct, including any willful misconduct or intentionally wrongful acts; (e) losses for death, bodily injury, or damage to real or tangible personal property arising out of or relating to a Party's negligent or more culpable acts or omissions; or (f) a Party's obligation to pay attorneys' fees and other costs pursuant to Section 28.9(e).

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN SECTION 23.2, THE TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND DAMAGES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER ARISING BY STATUTE, CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY ALLSCRIPTS TO COMPANY HEREUNDER DURING THE [***] PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.

The limitations in Section 23.1(a) will not apply to (a) losses arising out of or relating to a Party's breach of its obligations in Section 8 (excluding Section 8.4(g)) or Sections 1.1, 1.2, 1.4, 1.6 or 6.1 of the Restated Developer Agreement, (b) losses arising out of a Party's breach of Section 19 or the Business Associate Agreement (c) losses arising from a Party's gross negligence or more culpable conduct, including any willful misconduct or intentionally wrongful acts; (d) losses for death, bodily injury, or damage to real or tangible personal property arising out of or relating to a Party's negligent or more culpable acts or omissions or (e) a Party's obligation to pay attorneys' fees and other costs pursuant to Section 28.9(e)

In addition, the limitations in Section 23.1(b) will not apply (1) to Company's indemnification obligations under Section 22.1(a) or (2) Allscripts indemnification obligations under Section 22.3(a), unless the Company's or Allscripts' indemnification obligation under Section 22.1(a) or 22.3(a), as the case may be, relates to the losses and obligations described in subclauses (a) through (f) of the preceding sentence. [***].

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN SECTION 23.2, IN NO EVENT WILL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN NOTIFIED OF THE POTENTIAL FOR SUCH DAMAGES, OR WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE, OR WHETHER ANY CLAIM FOR RECOVERY IS BASED ON THEORIES OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE.

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN SECTION 23.2, THE TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND DAMAGES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER ARISING BY STATUTE, CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY ALLSCRIPTS TO COMPANY HEREUNDER DURING THE [***] PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN SECTION 23.2, IN NO EVENT WILL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN NOTIFIED OF THE POTENTIAL FOR SUCH DAMAGES, OR WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE, OR WHETHER ANY CLAIM FOR RECOVERY IS BASED ON THEORIES OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE.

The Company's obligations to provide defense and indemnity pursuant to this Section 22 will be reduced to the extent that the Claim or Loss was caused by (a) the Indemnified Person's creation of modifications to the Installed Software, Subscription Software Services, Developer App, Merchant Processing Services, Documentation, Company Marketing Materials, or Services, unless such modifications (i) were authorized in writing by the Company or were otherwise directed in writing or caused by the Indemnifying Party or (ii) were contemplated and permitted as a feature of any of the Installed Software or Subscription Software Services or Merchant Processing Services, and in each case solely to the extent such Claim would not have occurred but for such modifications; (b) the Indemnified Person's failure to use updates or corrections made available by the Indemnifying Party, but solely to the extent such Claim would not have occurred if such updates or corrections had been used; or (c) the operation of Allscripts' products or services or the combination or use of the Installed Software, Developer App, Subscription Software Services or Merchant Processing Services or Services in conjunction with Allscripts' products or services (unless directed in writing or caused by the Company), if such Claim would not have arisen but for such combination or use, and except to the extent arising from any combination performed by or on behalf of the Company in connection with the Services.

At the Company's expense, the Company will maintain policies of insurance with insurance companies having a financial strength rating no lower than "A" and a size category not lower than "XII" as rated by the A.M. Best Company, and in amounts which are reasonable and prudent in light of the Company's business, potential liabilities to Allscripts hereunder, and other relevant factors, including the following: (i) Commercial General Liability insurance [***] (ii) Errors and Omissions insurance [***] and (iii) Workers' Compensation insurance with applicable statutory limits.

Allscripts will be named as an additional insured under the foregoing policies, each of which will be primary and non-contributory.

LICENSE, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT

Ono

Array BioPharma Inc.

Array

"Party" means Array or Ono, individually; and "Parties" means Array and Ono, collectively.

Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

May 31, 2017

May 31, 2017

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.

This Agreement and all questions regarding its validity or interpretation, or the breach or performance of this Agreement, shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States, without reference to conflict of law principles.

Neither Party shall conduct Clinical Studies in the other Party's Territory without the prior written approval of the other Party, except that Array shall be entitled to conduct Declined Clinical Studies utilizing sites within the Ono Territory without obtaining Ono's consent (but prior notification is required), subject to the following:

Array shall not conduct Clinical Studies for a Product in the Ono Territory with respect to an Indication for which such Product has received Marketing Approval in the Ono Territory if Ono reasonably believes that the conduct of such Clinical Studies is likely to materially adversely affect the commercial value of such Product.

In addition, in the event that Array terminates this Agreement for Ono's breach pursuant to Section 13.3 during the [ * ], or Ono exercises its right to terminate this Agreement "at will" pursuant to Section 13.2 during the Initial Royalty Term, then neither Ono nor its Affiliates shall Commercialize a Competing Product or grant the right to a licensee or distributor to Commercialize a Competing Product in the Ono Territory prior to the [ * ] anniversary of the date such termination takes effect. If during the [ * ], Array Commercializes a Competing Product in the Ono Territory, the royalty payment period shall terminate and Ono may continue to Commercialize the Product.

If Ono Commercializes a Competing Product in the Ono Territory during [ * ], Array may immediately terminate this Agreement.

Prior to the [ * ], neither Ono or its Affiliates, nor Array or its Controlled Affiliates, shall Commercialize in the Ono Territory: (i) a product that includes, as an active pharmaceutical ingredient, an agent that is a [ * ] (other than Binimetinib), or (ii) a product that includes, as an active pharmaceutical ingredient, an agent that is a [ * ] (other than Encorafenib), or grant the right to a licensee or distributor to Commercialize in the Ono Territory any of the above described products (each a "Competing Product"). I

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Array hereby grants to Ono an exclusive license, with the right to grant sublicenses and appoint distributors as provided in Section 2.2, under the Array Patents, Array Know-How and Array's interests in the Joint Patents and Joint Know-How to Commercialize the Products in the Field in the Ono Territory.

From and after the expiration of this Agreement, Ono shall have the exclusive, fully paid up, royalty- free right to use (i) Product Trademarks assigned to Ono under Section 12.2, and (ii) those Domain Names licensed to Ono under Section 12.6, in each case solely for purposes of, and to the extent necessary, for Ono to continue to Commercialize the Products in the Field in the Ono Territory.

Array shall own rights to, and shall be responsible, at its own expense, for registering and maintaining, the Internet domain names listed on Exhibit 12.6 (each of the foregoing, a "Domain Name") and agrees to grant, and hereby grants to Ono a royalty-free, fully paid-up exclusive license to use those particular Domain Names which Ono elects to use (and actually uses) in connection with Ono's commercialization of the Product in the Ono Territory in accordance with this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation Array's retained rights under Section 2.1(e) below, Array hereby grants to Ono an exclusive license, with the right to grant sublicenses as provided in Section 2.2, under the Array Patents, Array Know-How and Array's interests in the Joint Patents and Joint Know- How to Develop the Products in accordance with the Development Plan and Joint Development Plan(s) in the Ono Territory solely for purposes of obtaining Marketing Approval for use of the Product in the Field in the Ono Territory.

Commencing on the later of (i) [ * ] of the First Commercial Sale of the Binimetinib Product in the Ono Territory, or (ii) [ * ] of the First Commercial Sale of the Encorafenib Product in the Ono Territory, Ono shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, for any reasons by giving [ * ] advance written notice to Array which shall be accompanied by the rationale for such termination.

This Agreement may not be assigned by either Party to any Third Party without the written consent of the other Party hereto; except either Party may assign this Agreement without the other Party's consent to an entity that acquires substantially all of the business or assets of the assigning Party, whether by merger, acquisition or otherwise; provided that the acquiring party agrees in a writing delivered to the non-assigning Party to assume all of the rights and obligations of the assigning Party under this Agreement.

Any assignment of this Agreement in contravention of this Section 18.9 shall be null and void.

Such royalty shall be paid quarterly, at the applicable rates set forth in Section 6.3 below, based on the Annual Net Sales of all Products, subject to the adjustments set forth in Sections 6.4 to 6.7 (the "Royalty Payments").

During the term of this Agreement, Ono shall pay to Array, on a quarterly basis, a royalty on the Net Sales of Products by Ono, its Affiliates or Sublicensees.

Notwithstanding Sections 6.4, 6.5, and 6.6, the Royalty Payment to Array shall not be reduced in any calendar quarter (a) during the Initial Royalty Term to less than [ * ] of the amount due under Section 6.3(a)(i), and (b) during the Secondary Royalty Term to less than [ * ] of the amount due under Section 6.3(a) (ii) (provided that any amounts in excess of the permitted deduction shall be carried forward to the subsequent calendar quarters until exhausted), unless 6.4(b) applies in which case royalty shall be as set forth therein.

Ono shall assign (or cause to be assigned) to Array or its designee, at Array's cost, except in case of termination by Array pursuant to Section 13.3 or 13.4 or by Ono pursuant to Section 13.2, in which case the expenses will be borne by Ono, (or to the extent not so assignable, Ono shall take all reasonable actions to make available to Array or its designee the benefits of) all Regulatory Filings for the Product in the Ono Territory, including any such Regulatory Filings made or owned by its Affiliates and/or Sublicensees.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, following registration of the Product Trademark(s) by Array in the Ono Territory pursuant to Section 12.3 below, Array shall assign, and shall cause its Affiliates to assign, to Ono all rights to the Product Trademark(s) so registered in the Ono Territory at Ono's cost and expense, in each case solely for the purpose of Commercializing the Products in the Ono Territory in accordance with this Agreement.

With respect to the filing, prosecution and enforcement of all other Patents directed to inventions made jointly by personnel of Array (or that of any Affiliate) and Ono (or that of any Affiliate) in connection with this Agreement that are not Joint Inventions relating to Binimetinib and Encorafenib and/or Products, the Parties shall consult with one another and mutually agree upon such actions.

against Third Party products in the Ono Territory that infringe the Joint Patents but that are not "Infringing Products", the Parties shall discuss and agree at the time when the Parties consult with respect to the strategy of such enforcement action in response to such Third Party infringement.

Title to all know-how, inventions and other intellectual property made jointly by personnel of Array (or that of any Affiliate) and Ono (or that of any Affiliate) in connection with this Agreement shall be jointly owned by Array (or its respective Affiliate) and Ono (or its respective Affiliate).

Except to the extent any jointly-owned inventions or intellectual property are included in subject matter licensed by one Party to the other Party under this Agreement, each Party may only practice any such jointly-owned inventions or intellectual property for its own internal purposes, and neither Party shall have the right to enforce, license, or assign such jointly- owned inventions or intellectual property, without the prior written consent of the other Party.

With respect to the responsibility and allocation of costs for the enforcement of the Joint Patents (i) against Third Party products that infringe the Joint Patents outside the Ono Territory, or (ii)

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Array hereby grants to Ono a worldwide non-exclusive license under the Array Patents, Array Know-How and Array's interests in the Joint Patents and Joint Know-How to (i) Manufacture and have Manufactured Binimetinib and Encorafenib for use in the Manufacture of Products, and (ii) Manufacture and have Manufactured Products, in each case for use in Developing and Commercializing such Products in accordance with the rights and license granted to Ono under Sections 2.1(a) and 2.1(c).

Effective as of the date of expiration, Ono shall grant to Array a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to grant sublicenses, (A) under any Improvements, and (B) under any other Patents owned or Controlled by Ono related to any Product(s) (including without limitation, Ono's interest in any Joint Patents) for the purposes of making, using, developing, importing, selling, distributing, marketing and promoting the Product(s) in the form they exist as of the time the Agreement is terminated, Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a termination by Ono pursuant Section 13.3 or 13.4, Section 14.2(a)(ix) shall apply.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Array hereby grants to Ono an exclusive license, with the right to grant sublicenses and appoint distributors as provided in Section 2.2, under the Array Patents, Array Know-How and Array's interests in the Joint Patents and Joint Know-How to Commercialize the Products in the Field in the Ono Territory.

Ono hereby grants to Array a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty free license, with the right to issue and authorize sublicenses through multiple tiers subject to the last sentence of Section 2.4(b), under any Improvements and Ono's interest in Joint Patent and Joint Know-How solely to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import, the Products (collectively, the "Grant-Back License"), subject to the exclusive rights granted to Ono under this Agreement.

Upon expiration of this Agreement, the licenses granted to Ono under Section 2.1 shall become non-exclusive, fully paid- up, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty free licenses, with sublicensing rights, to Develop, Manufacture, and/or Commercialize the Products in the Ono Territory.

From and after the expiration of this Agreement, Ono shall have the exclusive, fully paid up, royalty- free right to use (i) Product Trademarks assigned to Ono under Section 12.2, and (ii) those Domain Names licensed to Ono under Section 12.6, in each case solely for purposes of, and to the extent necessary, for Ono to continue to Commercialize the Products in the Field in the Ono Territory.

Array shall own rights to, and shall be responsible, at its own expense, for registering and maintaining, the Internet domain names listed on Exhibit 12.6 (each of the foregoing, a "Domain Name") and agrees to grant, and hereby grants to Ono a royalty-free, fully paid-up exclusive license to use those particular Domain Names which Ono elects to use (and actually uses) in connection with Ono's commercialization of the Product in the Ono Territory in accordance with this Agreement.

The licenses granted under this Subsection 2.1(b) may be sublicensed by Ono only to its Affiliates, and then only for so long as such entities remain as Affiliates. For clarity, the licenses granted under this Subsection 2.1(b) may be extended by Ono to Third Party manufacturers for Manufacturing the Products on Ono's behalf.

Effective upon the effective date of termination, Ono hereby assigns and shall cause to be assigned to Array all worldwide rights in and to (i) any Product Trademarks specific to one or more Products that Ono or any of its Affiliates used in connection with Product(s), and (ii) all Internet domain names incorporating the applicable Product Trademark(s) or any variation or part of such Product Trademark(s) as its URL address or any part of such address, for domains outside the Array Territory.

Each Party shall own rights to any Internet domain names incorporating the Product Trademark(s) owned by such Party under Section 12.1 or any variation or part of such Product Trademark(s) as its URL address or any part of such address, and agrees to grant, and hereby grants to the other Party a royalty-free, fully paid-up exclusive license to use those particular Internet domain names which the grantee Party elects to use (and actually uses) in connection with the grantee Party's commercialization of the applicable Product in the grantee Party's Territory in accordance with this Agreement.

Except to the extent any jointly-owned inventions or intellectual property are included in subject matter licensed by one Party to the other Party under this Agreement, each Party may only practice any such jointly-owned inventions or intellectual property for its own internal purposes, and neither Party shall have the right to enforce, license, or assign such jointly- owned inventions or intellectual property, without the prior written consent of the other Party.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation Array's retained rights under Section 2.1(e) below, Array hereby grants to Ono an exclusive license, with the right to grant sublicenses as provided in Section 2.2, under the Array Patents, Array Know-How and Array's interests in the Joint Patents and Joint Know- How to Develop the Products in accordance with the Development Plan and Joint Development Plan(s) in the Ono Territory solely for purposes of obtaining Marketing Approval for use of the Product in the Field in the Ono Territory.

If after the Effective Date, Array retains a Third Party Partner for the Product in one or more countries in the Array Territory, Array shall use Diligent Efforts to gain such Third Party Partner's consent to allow Array to (i) share with Ono under Section 4.7 (Exchange of Data and Know-How) the clinical data and know-how generated by such Third Party Partner, (ii) extend to Ono under Section 4.8 (Rights of Reference and Access to Data) a right to reference the Regulatory Filings of such Third Party Partner with respect to Products, and (iii) extend to Ono a license under improvements made by such Third Party Partner, in each case: (A) to the extent that such data, know-how, rights of reference and improvements are necessary or reasonably useful for Ono's Development, preparation of MAAs and filing of MAAs with respect to Products in the Ono Territory or Commercialization of the Product in the Ono Territory and (B) without charge, however it is understood that a failure of Array to obtain such rights shall not be deemed a breach of this Section 2.4.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, following registration of the Product Trademark(s) by Array in the Ono Territory pursuant to Section 12.3 below, Array shall assign, and shall cause its Affiliates to assign, to Ono all rights to the Product Trademark(s) so registered in the Ono Territory at Ono's cost and expense, in each case solely for the purpose of Commercializing the Products in the Ono Territory in accordance with this Agreement.

Ono shall have the right, in accordance with this Section 2.2, to grant sublicenses under the Array Patents and Array Know-How to its Affiliates and to Third Parties, provided that Ono shall not engage a Third Party as either (i) a Sublicensee of the Product, or (ii) as a distributor of the Product, without Array's prior written consent.

The licenses granted under this Subsection 2.1(b) may be sublicensed by Ono only to its Affiliates, and then only for so long as such entities remain as Affiliates. For clarity, the licenses granted under this Subsection 2.1(b) may be extended by Ono to Third Party manufacturers for Manufacturing the Products on Ono's behalf.

Upon expiration of this Agreement, the licenses granted to Ono under Section 2.1 shall become non-exclusive, fully paid- up, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty free licenses, with sublicensing rights, to Develop, Manufacture, and/or Commercialize the Products in the Ono Territory.

Any Product sold or disposed by Ono, its Affiliates and, subject to Section 14.2(a) (viii) below, its Sublicensees in the Ono Territory during the Wind-down Period shall be subject to royalties under Section 6.3 above, provided that in the event of a termination by Ono pursuant to 13.3 or 13.4, if Array requests that Ono continue distributing the Product beyond the first anniversary of the date on which such notice of termination was given, then, the royalties owed by Ono under Section 6.3 above with respect to sales of Product occurring during the remainder of the Wind-down Period shall be reduced by [ * ] of the otherwise applicable royalty rate, provided further that in no event shall such royalties be reduced to less than the royalty due to [ * ] pursuant to that certain agreement dated [ * ].

In addition, in the event Ono is conducting any on-going pre-clinical studies and/or formulation studies (e.g., stability studies) of the Product, Ono agrees to promptly transition to Array or its designee such pre-clinical studies and/or formulation studies to the extent such transfer is reasonably possible.

Effective upon the effective date of termination, Ono hereby assigns and shall cause to be assigned to Array all worldwide rights in and to (i) any Product Trademarks specific to one or more Products that Ono or any of its Affiliates used in connection with Product(s), and (ii) all Internet domain names incorporating the applicable Product Trademark(s) or any variation or part of such Product Trademark(s) as its URL address or any part of such address, for domains outside the Array Territory.

Within thirty (30) days of expiration of the Wind- down Period, Ono shall notify Array of any quantity of the Product remaining in Ono's inventory and Array shall have the option, upon notice to Ono, to purchase any such quantities of unlabeled and unpackaged Product from Ono at the price equal to the price paid by Ono for such quantities of unlabeled and unpackaged Product manufactured by a Third Party manufacturer or, to the extent Ono manufactured such quantities of unlabeled and unpackaged Products itself, the cost of direct materials and direct labor for such unlabeled and unpackaged Products.

In the event Ono is the sponsor of or conducting any on-going Clinical Studies of the Product following the date a notice of termination has been issued by Array or Ono, to the extent requested by Array, Ono agrees to: (A) continue to sponsor or conduct any such Clinical Studies in normal course if such Clinical Studies can be completed (i) within [ * ] following the effective date of termination in the case of a termination by Ono pursuant to Section 13.2, or (ii) within [ * ] following the effective date of termination in the case of any other termination of this Agreement by either Party, or (B) promptly transition to Array or its designee such sponsorship or Clinical Studies (or portions thereof) provided that in such case, Array shall take over such studies (i) within [ * ] following the effective date of termination in the case of a termination by Ono pursuant to Section 13.2, or (ii) within [ * ] following the effective date of termination in the case of any other termination of this Agreement by either Party.

Each Party shall use Diligent Efforts to cooperate with the other and/or its designee to effect a smooth and orderly transition in the Development, sale and ongoing marketing, promotion and commercialization of the Product in the Ono Territory during the Wind-down Period and to conduct in an expeditious manner any activities to be conducted under this Section 14.2.

To avoid disruption in the availability of Product to patients, if this Agreement is terminated after the First Commercial Sale of the Product in the Ono Territory other than pursuant to Section 13.5, then to the extent requested by Array, Ono, its Affiliates and its Sublicensees shall continue to distribute (but shall not be obligated to market or promote) the Product, in accordance

with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in each country of the Ono Territory for which Marketing Approval therefor has been obtained, taking into account applicable issues, if any, for patient safety or the requirements of a Regulatory Authority within the Ono Territory, until the date on which Array notifies Ono in writing that Array has secured an alternative distributor or licensee for the Product in such country, but in no event more for than (A) [ * ] after the date of such notice of termination of this Agreement by Ono pursuant to Section 13.2 or by Array pursuant to Section 13.4 or (B) [ * ] after the date of such notice of termination of this Agreement by Array pursuant to Sections 8.2 or 13.3 or by Ono pursuant to Section 13.3 or 13.4 ("Wind- down Period"); provided that Ono, its Affiliates and its Sublicensees shall cease such activities, or any portion thereof, in a given country upon sixty (60) days' notice by Array requesting that such activities (or portion thereof) be ceased.

Such records will be open for inspection during such three (3) year period by an independent certified public accounting firm of nationally (the US or Japan) recognized standing (the "Auditor"), chosen by Array and reasonably acceptable to Ono for the purpose of verifying the amounts payable by Ono hereunder. Such inspections may be made no more than once each Calendar Year, at reasonable times and on reasonable prior written notice. Such records for any particular calendar quarter shall be subject to no more than one inspection.

Inspections conducted under this Section 7.4 shall be at the expense of Array, unless a variation or error producing an underpayment in amounts payable exceeding [ * ] of the amount paid for a period covered by the inspection is established, in which case all reasonable costs relating to the inspection for such period and any unpaid amounts that are discovered shall be paid by Ono, together with interest on such unpaid amounts at the rate set forth in Section 7.1 above.

Ono shall, and shall require its Affiliates to, permit Array, and/or an authorized representative reasonably acceptable to Ono, to enter the relevant facilities of Ono and its Affiliates during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice to inspect and verify compliance with applicable regulatory and other requirements, as well as with this Agreement, with respect to all matters relating to the Product, all Ono Know-How to be provided to Array pursuant to Section 4.7 and the activities generating such Ono Know-How. Such inspection right shall include the right to examine any internal procedures or records of Ono and/or its Affiliates relating to the Product.

It is understood that the foregoing audit rights shall include the right to have the Auditor verify Ono's compliance (and the compliance of its Affiliates and Sublicensees) with the above requirements.

UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREUNDER, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ANY OF ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, OF ANY KIND WHATEVER AND HOWEVER CAUSED, AND WHETHER BASED ON AN ACTION OR CLAIM IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF FORESEEABLE OR SUFFERED IN CIRCUMSTANCES WHERE A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES.

in (a) or (b) above, the otherwise applicable royalty rate with respect to Products shall thereafter be [ * ] for the [ * ]

In the event that Array (a) [ * ] during [ * ], or (b) intentionally conceals or falsifies a material result and/or material item of data concerning the safety or efficacy of the Product, which concealment or falsification (i) is undertaken to induce Ono to not terminate this Agreement and (ii) results in a substantial reduction to the value of the Product in the Ono Territory, then, as an alternative to its right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 13.3 above, Ono may in its discretion elect to continue this Agreement, in which case (A) Ono shall be relieved of its due diligence obligations under this Agreement; and (B) as liquidated damages for the breaches described

In the event that Array reasonably objects to a proposed usage of the Product Trademark(s), it shall give written notice of such objection to Ono within sixty (60) days of receipt of such sample, specifying the way in which such usage of its Product Trademark(s) fails to meet the style, usage or quality standards for the Product or Product Trademark set forth in the first two sentences of this Section 12.4(c).

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

MERCATA, Inc.

FOOTBALL NORTHWEST LLC

Sponsor

FNW

July 12, 1999

July 19, 1999

The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall    ----    thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed,    but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").

This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the     --------------     state of Washington and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of     the state of Washington.

Notwithstanding the     foregoing, no assignment or attempted assignment by Sponsor shall be valid     except to a party which intends to continue the business of Sponsor as     presently conducted.

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or     -------------------     obligations of either FNW or Sponsor hereunder may be assigned, transferred     or conveyed by operation of law or otherwise by either party, nor shall such     agreements or rights inure to the benefit of any trustee in bankruptcy,     receiver, creditor, or trustee of either party's business or its properties     whether by operation of law or otherwise, except with the prior written





    consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably     withheld, and the delivery of a written document in which the assignee     assumes all of the obligations of the assigning party and the assigning     party acknowledges that it will continue to be bound to such obligations if     not performed by the assignee.

In no event shall either party be liable for           ---------------------      any special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of or in      connection with this Agreement or the performance thereof.  FNW's liability      for any breach of this Agreement shall be strictly limited to refunding to      Sponsor that portion of any consideration paid by Sponsor for which Sponsor      has not received the rights granted to it herein.

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Medalist Diversified REIT, Inc.

REIT

CONSULTANT

Company

Gunston Consulting, LLC

collectively the "Parties."

1st day of March 2020

1st day of March 2020

Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.

Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.

This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed, governed, and enforced according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.

As used in this section, "Competitor" means: (i) any private or publicly traded real estate investment trust, fund or other investment vehicle or program whose principal place of business is in Virginia or any other state in which the Company owns real estate and whose business strategy is based on investing in, acquiring or developing flex/industrial, retail, multifamily and limited service hotel real estate, whether directly or indirectly through joint ventures, or (ii) any entity whose principal place of business is in Virginia or any other state in which the Company owns real estate and that advises (including any external advisor) such investment vehicles or programs.

CONSULTANT agrees that during its consultancy for REIT and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of its consultancy with the Company for any reason, whether with or without cause, it will not: (a) have any ownership interest in, or participate in the financing, operation, management or control of, any Competitor; or (b) engage in or perform services for any Competitor, if such services either (1) are the same as or similar to (individually or in the aggregate) the services CONSULTANT performed for the Company during its consultancy with the Company, or (2) are performed with respect to products or services of the Competitor that are competitive with the products or services provided by the Company with which CONSULTANT was involved during its consultancy with the Company or about which it received Proprietary Information during its consultancy with the Company.

CONSULTANT agrees that during its consultancy for REIT and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of its consultancy with the Company for any reason, whether with or without cause, it will not: (a) solicit, entice or induce any Customer for the purpose of providing, or provide, products or services that are competitive with the products or services provided by the Company, or (b) solicit, entice, or induce any Customer to terminate or reduce its business with (or refrain from increasing its business with) the Company.

It is agreed that ownership of no more than 1% of the outstanding voting stock of a publicly traded corporation will not constitute a violation of Section 7.3.

CONSULTANT agrees that during its consultancy for REIT and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of its consultancy with the Company for any reason, whether with or without cause, it will not, for itself or any other person or entity: (a) solicit, induce, recruit or encourage any of the Company's employees, contractors, independent contractors or any person who provides services to the Company to terminate or reduce their employment or other relationship with the Company; (b) hire any individual who is (or was within the six (6) months immediately preceding such hiring, unless such employee was terminated from such employment by Company) an employee, exclusive contractor, or exclusive independent contractor of the Company; or (c) attempt to do any of the foregoing.

CONSULTANT agrees to act in good faith so as to not harm the business reputation of the Company in any way.

CONSULTANT further agrees that it will not directly or indirectly defame, disparage, or publicly criticize the services, business, integrity, veracity or reputation of the Company or its owners, officers, directors, or employees in any forum or through any medium of communication.

CONSULTANT acknowledges that any disparaging comments by him against the Company are likely to substantially depreciate the business reputation of the Company.

This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

(c) ninety (90) days following the date the Company gives CONSULTANT written notice of termination for any or no reason; or (d) CONSULTANT may terminate this Agreement by giving ninety (90) days' written notice to REIT.

In the event of a 'Change of Control' of Company, then if CONSULTANT's services are terminated without cause at any time within a twelve (12) month period following such Change of Control, CONSULTANT shall receive a termination fee equal to twelve (12) months compensation hereunder at the then current monthly rate, including any stock compensation.

CONSULTANT shall not be entitled to assign any of CONSULTANT's rights or obligations under this Agreement.

2. Annual stock grants as awarded by the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

REIT agrees to pay CONSULTANT the following consulting fees, for services performed by CONSULTANT:

The foregoing provisions of this Section 6 shall not apply to any invention that CONSULTANT developed entirely on CONSULTANT's own time without using the Company's equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information, except for those inventions that (i) relate to the Company's business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (ii) result from any work performed by CONSULTANT for the Company.

CONSULTANT acknowledges that CONSULTANT's rights in all discoveries, concepts, ideas, inventions, innovations, improvements, developments, methods, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, patent applications, copyrightable work and mask work (whether or not including any Proprietary Information) and all registrations or applications related thereto, all other proprietary information and all similar or related information (whether or not patentable) which relate to the Company's actual or anticipated business, research and development or existing or future products or services and which were or are conceived, developed, contributed to or made or reduced to practice by CONSULTANT (whether alone or jointly with others) while under contract with the Company, whether before or after the date of this Agreement ("Work Product"), belong to the Company.

CONSULTANT shall promptly disclose such Work Product to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and, at the Company's expense, perform all actions reasonably requested by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (whether during or after the consultancy) to establish and confirm such ownership (including assignments, consents, powers of attorney and other instruments).

To the extent that any such copyrightable work is not a "work made for hire," CONSULTANT hereby assigns and agrees to assign to the Company all right, title and interest, including a copyright, in and to such copyrightable work.

Furthermore, CONSULTANT agrees to sign any written instrument of transfer for any rights relating to the Work Product which may be required to effect or evidence the assignment of rights in the Work Product to the Company.

CONSULTANT acknowledges that all copyrightable Work Product which is capable of being classified as "works made for hire" under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, as amended, shall be deemed "works made for hire" and that the Company shall be the author of, and own all rights therein.

In the event of a 'Change of Control' of Company, then if CONSULTANT's services are terminated without cause at any time within a twelve (12) month period following such Change of Control, CONSULTANT shall receive a termination fee equal to twelve (12) months compensation hereunder at the then current monthly rate, including any stock compensation.

In this regard CONSULTANT shall be an additional insured under Company's applicable insurance coverages

Collaboration Agreement

FMI

Foundation Medicine, Inc

("Roche US"; Roche Basel and Roche US together referred to as "Roche")

Roche Basel

F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd

Hoffmann-La Roche Inc

have been satisfactorily met and no objection on the part of the Federal Trade Commission or the Justice Department remains, or (c) the occurrence of the Acceptance Time (as defined in the Transaction Agreement).

The term "Effective Date" shall mean the latest of (a) the date of the last signature of this Agreement, or (b) if a HSR filing is made, the second Business Day immediately following the earlier of: (i) the date upon which the waiting period under HSR expires or terminates early or (ii) the date upon which all requests to the Parties by the Federal Trade Commission or the Justice Department, as the case may be, with regard to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement

This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.

The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.

The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.

The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").

The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").

The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.

The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.

The Database Insights

additional one (1) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI (each a "Signature Identification Renewal Term"), provided, for clarity, that during any Signature Identification Renewal Term, FMI's obligations under Section 16.1 shall continue to apply to any signature identified under this Agreement but that exclusivity under Section 3.2.8 shall not apply to the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform.

Roche shall have the right to extend the term of the CDx Development Program, upon [***] prior written notice to FMI as specified in Section 19.13, for additional three (3) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI.

Term may be extended at Roche's option, upon [***] notice to FMI as specified in Section 19.13, for additional three (3) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI (each a "Database Renewal Term").

Roche shall have the right to extend the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program, upon [...***...] written notice to FMI as specified in Section 19.13, for up to six (6)

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, US, without reference to its conflict of laws principles, and shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention of International Contracts on the Sale of Goods (the Vienna Convention).

FMI agrees that the pricing terms for Products and Services provided by FMI to Roche herein, and services provided under the Molecular Information Platform Program, are, and will be, at least as favorable as the pricing terms granted by FMI to any existing customer or collaborator for such (or substantially similar) products or services.

If FMI enters into any subsequent agreement with another customer or collaborator which provides for pricing terms for substantially the same product or services at substantially the same (or a lesser) scale, which pricing terms are more favorable than those contained herein, then FMI shall notify Roche and Roche will have the right to modify this agreement to provide Roche with those more favorable pricing terms. [***].

Following the Immunotherapy Exclusivity Period, FMI shall have the right to work with Third Parties in the field of cancer immunotherapy, and to otherwise commercialize the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform, subject to the Related Agreements.

Except for Excepted Activities, for the lesser of (i) [***] after the Effective Date or (ii) [***] (the "Immunotherapy Exclusivity Period"), FMI will work exclusively with Roche with respect to [***]. Except with regard to Excepted Activities, FMI will not (i) work directly or indirectly with any Third Party in the field of [***], (ii) use for the benefit of any Third Party the [***] or (iii) transfer to or otherwise enable any Third Party to make use of any data, technology or results from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program for [***].

FMI hereby grants to Roche (i) an exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, worldwide and perpetual license to any intellectual property rights arising from the ctDNA Development Platform Program that are necessary for Roche to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche products other than diagnostic products (including the use, formulation, methods of treatment, clinical data or other data, information or results relating to the Roche therapeutic product) solely for use in connection with such activities and such Roche products and (ii) a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, with the right to grant sublicenses solely to Roche Affiliates, to any intellectual property rights arising from the ctDNA Development Platform Program, for internal research purposes.

With regard to the Molecular Information Platform Program, Roche shall have the right to terminate without cause either or both of the Sample Profiling or Molecular Information Database Access activities individually.

With regard to the CDx Development Program, Roche shall also have the right to terminate, without cause, the development of an Approved Marker and/or an Investigational Marker for inclusion in a CDx Assay, upon [***] prior written notice; provided however that this right shall expire with respect to each Approved Marker for inclusion in a particular CDx Assay at such time as FMI has completed analytical validation for such Approved Marker.

Roche shall have the right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety, or on a Work Stream-by-Work Stream basis, except for the ctDNA Work Stream, upon [***] prior written notice, without cause.

Neither Party shall have the right to assign the present Agreement or any part thereof to any Third Party other than Affiliates without the prior written approval of the other Party.

Not later than the first Business Day of [***] during the Profiling Term and Profiling Renewal Terms, Roche will provide FMI with a rolling forecast of its estimated requirements for Sample Profiling for the following [***], the rolling forecast for the [***] of which shall be deemed to be a binding order for sample volume (including specifications for the number of samples to be run using each of FMI's different tests) ("Binding Orders").

FMI shall assign to Roche its rights to any intellectual property in or arising from the Sample Results (except for FMI Improvements).

Roche shall exclusively own, and FMI shall assign to Roche, all intellectual property arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development that Covers methods of treatment, stratifying patients, or identifying patients that would benefit from a particular treatment, and all other methods useful in connection with the therapeutic treatment of a patient.

Roche shall exclusively own all information, results, and intellectual property from Advanced Genomic Analyses performed on Roche samples ("Roche-Owned Advanced Genomic Analysis Results"), and any inventions arising from the Roche-Owned Advanced Genomic Analysis Results, and FMI will assign all rights to any such inventions to Roche (except for FMI Improvements).

FMI and Roche shall jointly own all Joint Inventions.

Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, sublicensable to Affiliates, to use the Roche-Owned Advanced Genomic Analysis Results to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize FMI's products and services relating to genomic analysis.

FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable license to any intellectual property arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Program Controlled by FMI for internal research purposes and to the extent necessary for Roche to research, develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche products other than diagnostic products.

If FMI is unable or unwilling to develop and commercialize an Immuno Clinical Study assay or CDx assay resulting from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program in a given country within the Territory as specified in an R&D Plan for any reason other than a breach of this Agreement by Roche, and on the timeline agreed to in such R&D Plan, then, effective on the end of the timeline specified in such R&D Plan, FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, and sublicensable license under any intellectual property invented by FMI arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Program or the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development that is necessary for Roche to develop and commercialize such tests in such country in the Territory.

If FMI is unwilling or unable to develop and commercialize a CDx Assay for a given country in the Territory as specified in the R&D Plan, and on the timeline set forth in the relevant R&D Plan, for any reason other than a breach of this Agreement by Roche, then FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, and perpetual license under any intellectual property invented by FMI arising from the CDx Development Program that is necessary for Roche to develop and commercialize a CDx Assay equivalent in such country in the Territory.

FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, sublicensable to Roche's Affiliates under any FMI Improvements for Roche's internal research purposes and to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche's products and services other than diagnostic products and services.

Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable license to any IP Controlled by Roche and developed under the ctDNA Platform Development Program (excluding Roche Immunotherapy Sample Results) to the extent necessary for FMI to research, develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize the ctDNA Assays.

FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive license under the FMI CDx IP for internal research purposes, and to the extent necessary to research, develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche products other than diagnostic products.

Effective after the Immunotherapy Exclusivity Period, Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable to Affiliates, license to any intellectual property arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program Controlled by Roche (excluding Roche Immunotherapy Sample Results) to the extent necessary

for FMI to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform, Signature Identification services, Clinical Study assays, CDx assays, or any other FMI testing or services (including that are part of the Genomic Analysis Platform).

Each Party grants to the other Party during the time that a Work Stream is in effect, a non-exclusive right and license under Know-How and Patent Rights, including the Background IP, Controlled by such Party and that are necessary or useful solely to enable the other Party to perform the activities contemplated under this Agreement; [***].

Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, sublicensable to FMI's Affiliates, under any intellectual property rights arising directly from the Sample Results, or the correlation of the Sample Results to patient data ("Biomarker IP") (i) to the extent such Biomarker IP becomes publicly known, for internal research purposes, (ii) to the extent such Biomarker IP becomes publicly known, to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import, and commercialize FMI's Products and Services relating to genomic analysis, and (iii) [***].

FMI hereby grants to Roche (i) an exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, worldwide and perpetual license to any intellectual property rights arising from the ctDNA Development Platform Program that are necessary for Roche to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche products other than diagnostic products (including the use, formulation, methods of treatment, clinical data or other data, information or results relating to the Roche therapeutic product) solely for use in connection with such activities and such Roche products and (ii) a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, with the right to grant sublicenses solely to Roche Affiliates, to any intellectual property rights arising from the ctDNA Development Platform Program, for internal research purposes.

Effective after the Immunotherapy Exclusivity Period, Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable to Affiliates, license to any intellectual property arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program Controlled by Roche (excluding Roche Immunotherapy Sample Results) to the extent necessary

for FMI to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform, Signature Identification services, Clinical Study assays, CDx assays, or any other FMI testing or services (including that are part of the Genomic Analysis Platform).

Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, sublicensable to Affiliates, to use the Roche-Owned Advanced Genomic Analysis Results to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize FMI's products and services relating to genomic analysis.

FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable license to any intellectual property arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Program Controlled by FMI for internal research purposes and to the extent necessary for Roche to research, develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche products other than diagnostic products.

If FMI is unable or unwilling to develop and commercialize an Immuno Clinical Study assay or CDx assay resulting from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program in a given country within the Territory as specified in an R&D Plan for any reason other than a breach of this Agreement by Roche, and on the timeline agreed to in such R&D Plan, then, effective on the end of the timeline specified in such R&D Plan, FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, and sublicensable license under any intellectual property invented by FMI arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Program or the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development that is necessary for Roche to develop and commercialize such tests in such country in the Territory.

If FMI is unwilling or unable to develop and commercialize a CDx Assay for a given country in the Territory as specified in the R&D Plan, and on the timeline set forth in the relevant R&D Plan, for any reason other than a breach of this Agreement by Roche, then FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, and perpetual license under any intellectual property invented by FMI arising from the CDx Development Program that is necessary for Roche to develop and commercialize a CDx Assay equivalent in such country in the Territory.

FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, sublicensable to Roche's Affiliates under any FMI Improvements for Roche's internal research purposes and to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche's products and services other than diagnostic products and services.

Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable license to any IP Controlled by Roche and developed under the ctDNA Platform Development Program (excluding Roche Immunotherapy Sample Results) to the extent necessary for FMI to research, develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize the ctDNA Assays.

FMI hereby grants to Roche (i) an exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, worldwide and perpetual license to any intellectual property rights arising from the ctDNA Development Platform Program that are necessary for Roche to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche products other than diagnostic products (including the use, formulation, methods of treatment, clinical data or other data, information or results relating to the Roche therapeutic product) solely for use in connection with such activities and such Roche products and (ii) a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, with the right to grant sublicenses solely to Roche Affiliates, to any intellectual property rights arising from the ctDNA Development Platform Program, for internal research purposes.

Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable license to any IP Controlled by Roche and developed under the ctDNA Platform Development Program (excluding Roche Immunotherapy Sample Results) to the extent necessary for FMI to research, develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize the ctDNA Assays.

Effective after the Immunotherapy Exclusivity Period, Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable to Affiliates, license to any intellectual property arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program Controlled by Roche (excluding Roche Immunotherapy Sample Results) to the extent necessary

for FMI to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform, Signature Identification services, Clinical Study assays, CDx assays, or any other FMI testing or services (including that are part of the Genomic Analysis Platform).

Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, sublicensable to FMI's Affiliates, under any intellectual property rights arising directly from the Sample Results, or the correlation of the Sample Results to patient data ("Biomarker IP") (i) to the extent such Biomarker IP becomes publicly known, for internal research purposes, (ii) to the extent such Biomarker IP becomes publicly known, to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import, and commercialize FMI's Products and Services relating to genomic analysis, and (iii) [***].

Upon any termination of the Agreement, a Work Stream (or Approved Marker or Investigational Marker program), or this Agreement under Section 17.2.2, (i) FMI shall promptly return to Roche unused or remaining Samples that were provided for use in a terminated Work Stream (or related to the relevant Approved Marker or Investigational Marker), or, at Roche's option, securely dispose of all such unused or remaining Samples and provide Roche with a written notice of such disposal, (ii) each Party shall wind-down their activities under the Agreement in a manner that is intended to be expeditious and to mitigate losses arising from non-cancellable expenses and financial commitments to Third Parties, (iii) upon any termination by Roche under Section 17.2.3, or by FMI under Section 17.2.1 or Section 17.2.2, that includes the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Work Stream, the obligations in Section 3.2.8 shall terminate, (iv) each Party shall continue to Control its own intellectual property, including Patent Rights and Know-How, and Handle its own Patent Rights, and (v) Joint Patent Rights, if any, shall be handled by Roche subject to the provisions of Section 12.4 and 12.6, and each Party shall have the right to fully exploit such Joint Patent Rights.

Upon termination of the Agreement or the Work Stream requiring the use of the Samples, or upon completion of those activities requiring use of the Samples, FMI shall promptly return to Roche unused or remaining Samples, or, at FMI's option, securely dispose of all unused or remaining Samples and provide Roche with a written notice of such disposal.

Upon timely request and at least [***] prior written notice from the auditing Party, such audit shall be conducted in the countries specifically requested by the auditing Party, during regular business hours in such a manner as to not unnecessarily interfere with the audited Party's normal business activities, and shall be limited to results in the [***] prior to audit notification.

Such audit shall not be performed more frequently than [***] nor more frequently than [***] with respect to records covering, or impacting in accordance with Article 5, any specific period of time.

At least [***] during the time a Work Stream remains in effect, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, FMI shall have the obligation to prepare and provide to the JRDC a summary presentation on the progress of the work performed by FMI in the course of each Work Stream during the preceding [***].

At the expense of the auditing Party, the auditing Party shall have the right to engage an internationally recognized, independent public accountant reasonably accept able to the other Party to perform, on behalf of such Party an audit of such books and records of the audited Party and its Affiliates, its licensees and Sublicensees, that are deemed necessary for the period or periods requested by the auditing Party and the correctness of any financial report or payments made under this Agreement, including with respect to benefits and terms complying with the most favored

For avoidance of doubt, all audits under this Section shall be conducted solely by an independent public accountant as described in the foregoing sentence.

All information, data documents and abstracts herein referred to shall be used only for the purpose of verifying payment obligations, shall be treated as the audited Party's Confidential Information subject to the obligations of this Agreement and need neither be retained more than [ ***] after completion of an audit hereof, if an audit has been requested; nor more than [***] from the end of the [***] to which each shall pertain; nor more than [***] after the date of termination of this Agreement.

Promptly upon expiry of such Work Stream, other than the Molecular Information Platform Program, FMI shall provide a final written report summarizing its activities under such Work Stream and the results thereof.

Roche shall be entitled, upon reasonable notice and during FMI's regular business hours, to visit FMI's facility (and those facilities of its subcontractors), including FMI's CLIA-compliant

Such audits may be conducted up to [***] and Roche shall use reasonable effort not to disrupt ongoing operations during such audits.

customer provisions of Article 5.

Each Party shall keep, and shall require its Affiliates and Sublicensees to keep, full, true and accurate books of account containing all particulars that may be necessary for the purpose of calculating all payments payable under this Agreement, including, for Roche, the right to audit materials necessary to ensure compliance with the most favored customer provisions of Article 5.

facilities, to audit for quality assurance purposes its facilities, documentation and procedures used in conducting its activities pursuant to this Agreement.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER FMI OR ROCHE BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY.

COLLABORATIVE RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT

Sanofi

Sanofi and RevMed are referred to in this Agreement individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

Aventis, Inc.

Revolution Medicines, Inc.

RevMed

June 8, 2018

June 8, 2018

The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").

This Letter shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to any rules of conflict of laws.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to any rules of conflict of laws.

If after [***]: (i) Sanofi or its Affiliates, alone or with or through a Third Party, develop, manufacture or commercialize a Competing Product and (ii) Sanofi or its Affiliates have not commenced a Registrational Clinical Trial for a Product prior to commencing the activities in Section 12.2(d)(i), RevMed may terminate this Agreement effective [***] after it delivers written notice to Sanofi that it is exercising its rights under this Section 12.2(d) unless Sanofi elects in writing within such [***] period to [***].

Except pursuant to or as expressly permitted by this Agreement, RevMed shall not, shall cause its Affiliates not to, conduct or agree to conduct, outside of the Collaboration, on its own or together with one or more Third Parties, the Research, Development or Commercialization of any product that contains a SHP2 Inhibitor, including any SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor that [***]. For purposes of this Section, [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, RevMed hereby grants to Sanofi an exclusive option, under the Patent Rights and Know-How claiming or embodied in the [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, RevMed hereby grants to Sanofi an exclusive (even as to RevMed and its Affiliates), royalty-bearing license (which shall be sub-licensable solely as provided in Section 3.4) under the RevMed Licensed Technology, to Research, Develop, Manufacture, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise Commercialize and exploit Products (including, for clarity, any Companion Diagnostics with respect to such Products) in the Field in the Licensed Territory.

If Sanofi provides a Notice of Interest to RevMed within [***], then (i) RevMed shall, upon request of Sanofi, provide Sanofi with reasonable access to all other then-existing Know-How in RevMed's Control that exists in either paper or electronic form and pertains to the relevant SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor and (ii) the Parties shall negotiate exclusively in good faith and on a commercially reasonable basis the terms of a definitive agreement under which Sanofi would be granted SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor License Rights for [***] after RevMed receives such Notice of Interest (such period, the "SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor Licensing Negotiation Period

Sanofi may terminate this Agreement (A) in its entirety by providing [***] written notice of termination to RevMed or (B) on a country-by-country or Product-by-Product basis by providing [***] written notice of termination to RevMed; provided that if Sanofi desires to terminate this Agreement under this Section 12.2(a)(i)B only with respect to the U.S. (for all Products or one or more Products), Sanofi shall provide [***] written notice of termination to RevMed.

For clarity, once RevMed has exercised its Co- Promotion Option pursuant to this Section 8.7(b), RevMed's right to co-promote Products shall apply to all other existing and subsequent Products in the Co-Promotion Territory.

If [***] (such determination, the "SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor Licensing Decision" and such Third Party's rights, the "SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor License Rights"), then prior to commencing any negotiations with any Third Party with regard to any SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor License Rights, RevMed shall promptly notify Sanofi in writing of such SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor Licensing Decision and provide to Sanofi a detailed summary of the data then in RevMed's Control regarding the relevant SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor.

During the Term prior to the Option exercise by Sanofi, RevMed shall provide to Sanofi any additional information Controlled by RevMed that is reasonably requested by Sanofi in order to assist Sanofi in determining whether to exercise its Option. If Sanofi so exercises its Option pursuant to this Section 3.1(b)(ii), [***]. U

If Sanofi provides such Notice of Interest during [***], then RevMed shall not negotiate with any Third Party the terms under which such Third Party would obtain any development or commercialization rights with respect to a SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor during the SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor Licensing Negotiation Period.

If RevMed wishes to exercise its one-time Co-Promotion Option, it shall so notify Sanofi in writing at least [***] prior to the anticipated launch of such Product in the Co-Promotion Territory.

of the data then in RevMed's Control regarding the relevant SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor. Sanofi shall notify RevMed in writing (a "Notice of Interest"), within [***] after Sanofi's receipt of such notice, if Sanofi desires to enter into negotiations with RevMed of the terms under which Sanofi would obtain SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor License Rights.

Sanofi may exercise its Option at any time during the Term by providing RevMed with written notice of such exercise

respect to a SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor during the SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor Licensing Negotiation Period. If (x) Sanofi does not provide a Notice of Interest within [***] or (y) Sanofi does provide a Notice of Interest within [***] but Parties have not entered into an agreement under which Sanofi is granted SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor License Rights prior to the expiration of the SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor Licensing Negotiation Period, then RevMed shall have no further obligations to Sanofi with respect to such SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor Products, and RevMed shall have the right to enter into negotiations and execute an agreement with a Third Party under which such Third Party is granted the SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor License Rights [***].

Sanofi shall have the first right, but not the obligation, through counsel of its choosing, to negotiate and obtain a license with respect to such Third Party intellectual property right and shall provide RevMed with a copy of such license if it obtains such a license (to the extent permitted by the terms of such license, provided that Sanofi shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain such permission to provide such copy).

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, RevMed hereby grants to Sanofi an exclusive option, under the Patent Rights and Know-How claiming or embodied in the [***].

pon Sanofi's exercise of the Option, [***] accordingly subject to the license granted to Sanofi under Section 3.1(a) and the payment obligations therefor pursuant to this Agreement.

If Sanofi provides a Notice of Interest to RevMed within [***], then (i) RevMed shall, upon request of Sanofi, provide Sanofi with reasonable access to all other then-existing Know-How in RevMed's Control that exists in either paper or electronic form and pertains to the relevant SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor and (ii) the Parties shall negotiate exclusively in good faith and on a commercially reasonable basis the terms of a definitive agreement under which Sanofi would be granted SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor License Rights for [***] after RevMed receives such Notice of Interest (such period, the "SHP1-SHP2 Dual Inhibitor Licensing Negotiation Period").

If (i) RevMed does not provide the above election notice in compliance with the requirements of this Section 8.7(b), or (ii) RevMed provides notice to Sanofi that it does not intend to exercise its one-time Co-Promotion Option, then RevMed shall be deemed to have waived such one-time right to co-promote any and all Products in the Co-Promotion Territory.

Sanofi will have the option to either (A) terminate this Agreement in its entirety upon written notice to RevMed provided to RevMed within [***] of the effective date of such Change of Control; or (B) [***].

RevMed will notify Sanofi in writing as soon as possible after RevMed announces publicly any information regarding any proposed Change of Control of RevMed (or if the Change of Control will not be publicly announced, then no later than [***] after the signing of the Change of Control).

RevMed shall pay Sanofi such royalties until the earlier of (x) expiration of the Post-Termination Royalty Term therefor and (y) a Change of Control of Sanofi.

Sanofi shall have the right to grant sublicenses (through multiple tiers) under the rights granted to it under Section 3.1 to one or more Third Parties (i) outside of the United States, and (ii) in the United States; provided that for purposes of subsection (ii), Sanofi shall not sublicense substantially all of the rights granted to it under Section 3.1 in the United States to Third Parties without RevMed's prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.

Except as part of a transaction permitted under this Section 15.2, in no event shall RevMed assign or transfer, or agree to assign or transfer to any Third Party, any or all of the RevMed Licensed Patents without the consent of Sanofi, not be unreasonably withheld or conditioned.

In the case of RevMed, the intellectual property owned or controlled by any such Acquiror or its Acquiror Family prior to the applicable Change of Control or other similar transaction immediately prior to such acquisition (other than as a result of a license from the acquired Party) or is thereafter developed outside the scope of this Agreement in accordance with this Agreement shall be excluded from the RevMed Licensed Technology, in each case only for so long as the remainder of the conditions of this Section 15.2 are met, and the Acquiror Family shall be excluded from "Affiliate" solely for purposes of the applicable components of the intellectual property definitions set forth herein, in all such cases if and only if: (A) the acquired Party remains a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Acquiror; (B) all intellectual property of the Acquired Party Family and

Neither Party may assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder, except as expressly permitted hereunder, or delegate any of its obligations under this Agreement, whether by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, without the consent of the other Party, except as follows:

(i) Sanofi may, without consent of RevMed, assign this Agreement or its rights and obligations hereunder in whole or in part to any Affiliate of Sanofi, and RevMed may, with the consent of Sanofi (not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), assign this Agreement or its rights and obligations hereunder in whole or in part to any Affiliate of RevMed;

all research and development assets and operations of the Acquired Party Family, in each case relating to SHP2 Inhibitors and Products, remain with the Acquired Party Family and are not licensed or otherwise transferred to the Acquiror Party Family for any purpose; (C) the scientific and Development activities with respect to SHP2 Inhibitors and Products of the Acquired Party Family and Competing Products of the Acquiror Family (if any) are maintained separate and distinct, and (D) there is no exchange of Know-How relating to SHP2 Inhibitors and Products between the Acquired Party Family and the Acquiror Family. Any attempted assignment not in accordance with this Section 15.2 shall be null and void and of no legal effect.

Any attempted assignment not in accordance with this Section 15.2 shall be null and void and of no legal effect.

Either Party may, without consent of the other Party, assign this Agreement in whole to (i) in the case of RevMed, its successor in interest or assignee or purchaser, as applicable, in the case of a Change of Control or (ii) in the case of Sanofi, its successor in interest or assignee or purchaser, as applicable, in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of its assets to which this Agreement relates, or in connection with a merger, acquisition or similar transaction.

If during the Royalty Term for a Product in a country, one or more Generic Products of such Product are sold in such country, and during any Calendar Quarter following the Calendar Quarter in which such Generic Product(s) are first sold in such country (the "Launch Quarter") Net Sales of such Product in such country during any Calendar Quarter following the Launch Quarter are less than the Designated Percentage (as defined below) of average Net Sales occurring during the [***] immediately preceding the Launch Quarter (such average Net Sales during such Calendar Quarters, the "Base Net Sales"), then the royalty rates provided in Section 9.3(a) for such Product shall be reduced in such country by the "Applicable Reduction Percentage" set forth below for such Calendar Quarter and for all future Calendar Quarters, unless and until the Generic Product is no longer sold or the Net Sales increase above the Base Net Sales in a Calendar Quarter.

In any country in which there is no Valid Claim and no Regulatory Exclusivity for such Product, at the time of sale of such Product in such country during the applicable Royalty Term, Sanofi's obligation to pay royalties under Section 9.3(a) on Net Sales of such Product in such country shall be reduced to [***]% of the rates otherwise payable under such section.

Subject to the other terms of this Section 9.3, during the Royalty Term, Sanofi shall make quarterly royalty payments to RevMed on aggregate Net Sales of each Product sold outside the United States during a Calendar Year at the applicable royalty rates as set forth below. For clarity, royalties shall only be payable once on any sale of Product under this Agreement.

Aggregate Net Sales of each Product outside the United States during a Calendar Year Royalty Rate Portion of aggregate Net Sales of each Product outside the United States during a Calendar Year less than or equal to $[***] [***]% Portion of aggregate Net Sales of each Product outside the United States during a Calendar Year greater than $[***] and less than or equal to $[***] [***]% Portion of aggregate Net Sales of each Product outside the United States during a Calendar Year greater than $[***] and less than $[***] [***]% Portion of aggregate Net Sales of each Product outside the United States during a Calendar Year greater than $[***] [***]% 45

No later than the Initiation of the first Registrational Clinical Trial for the first Product, Sanofi and RevMed shall enter into a profit/loss share agreement (the "Profit/Loss Share Agreement") pursuant to which the Parties shall equally share the Net Profit and Net Loss (as defined in Exhibit M of the Correspondence) applicable with respect to Commercialization of Products (but, for clarity, not any costs of Development) of Products in the U.S.

If Net Sales of the applicable Product in a country in a Calendar Quarter following the Launch Quarter for such country are:

A. lower than or equal to [***]%, but more than [***]%, of Base Net Sales of the applicable Product in such country, then the Applicable Reduction Percentage shall be [***]%; or

B. lower than or equal to [***]% of Base Net Sales of the applicable Product in such country, then the Applicable Reduction Percentage shall be [***]%.

If Sanofi enters into an agreement with a Third Party in order to obtain a license or other right to a Third Party Right that is reasonably necessary to manufacture, use or sell a Product (or the SHP2 Inhibitor contained therein) in a country pursuant to Section 10.7, Sanofi shall be entitled to deduct from the royalties payable under Section 9.3(a) with respect to such Product in such country in a particular Calendar Quarter [***] paid by Sanofi to such Third Party in respect of such agreement for such Calendar Quarter, in each case to the extent reasonably allocable to such Third Party Right and such Product and country; provided that in no event shall the royalties payable for such Product and country in any Calendar Quarter be reduced to less than [***]% of the amount otherwise due under Section 9.3(a) (the "Royalty Floor").

Furthermore, Sanofi shall within [***] after the effective date of such termination, transfer to RevMed all files and documents relating to the prosecution, defense or enforcement of the RevMed Licensed Patents or Joint Program Patents and provide reasonable assistance for a period not to exceed [***] following the effective date of termination, up to a total of [***], in the transfer of the prosecution, defense and enforcement responsibilities to RevMed, including by executing any documents reasonable necessary therefor.

At RevMed's reasonable request, for a period not to exceed [***] following the effective date of termination, Sanofi shall provide RevMed with assistance up to a total of [***] with any inquiries and correspondence with Regulatory Authorities relating to any such Termination Product.

Sanofi shall, at RevMed's request, for a period not to exceed [***] following the effective date of termination, provide reasonable technical assistance up to a total of [***] and, to the extent not already provided to RevMed, transfer copies of (including when available, in electronic format) all Sanofi Sole Program Know-How to RevMed or its designee, including without limitation: [***], in each case to the extent such materials are exclusively related to the Termination Product.

Sanofi shall transfer and assign, and shall ensure that its Affiliates transfer and assign, to RevMed, at no cost to RevMed, all Product Marks exclusively relating to any Termination Product, provided that such Product Marks do not contain the business entity names of Sanofi or its Affiliates or variations thereof, except as may otherwise be required by Applicable Law during a transition period to avoid any interruptions in supply of Termination Product to patients. I

Once RevMed has completed conducting all Clinical Trials for a Product assigned to it under the Development Plan for such Product, RevMed agrees to assign, and hereby does assign, to Sanofi all of its rights, title and interests in and to all Regulatory Approvals (including INDs and NDAs) for such Product.

Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the licenses and other rights granted under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement), each Party shall have the right to exploit, including license, the Joint Program Technology, without a duty of accounting or any obligation to seek consent from the other Party to exploit such Joint Program Technology.

Upon expiration of this Agreement, the licenses granted to Sanofi under Section 3.1 will become fully paid up, royalty free, perpetual and irrevocable.

Sanofi shall have rights to use, at no additional cost, any RevMed Study Data in its performance of its obligations and exercise of its rights under the Collaboration except in connection with filing of MAAs for the Indication and Product Treatment Regimen that were the subject of such RevMed Study.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sanofi hereby grants to RevMed a non-exclusive, royalty-free sublicense (which shall only be further sub-licensable (a) to RevMed's Subsidiaries, (b) to the Permitted Contractors or Researchers, and (c) solely with Sanofi's prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, to Third Parties who are not Permitted Contractors or Researchers) under the rights exclusively licensed to Sanofi pursuant to Section 3.1, solely to the extent necessary for RevMed to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements.

All licenses and other rights granted to Sanofi under the RevMed Licensed Technology under this Agreement shall terminate (except as necessary to permit Sanofi to perform its surviving obligations under this Article XII) and all rights thereunder shall revert to RevMed; provided, however, RevMed shall, effective upon any such termination of this Agreement, and hereby does, grant to Sanofi a non- exclusive, worldwide license, with the right to grant sublicenses to contractors and otherwise only with RevMed's prior written consent, under each (1) RevMed Program Invention and (2) [***]. F

To the extent necessary to effect the foregoing in a country other than the United States, each Party grants to the other Party a nonexclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, fully-paid, worldwide license, with the right to grant sublicenses, under the granting Party's interest in Joint Program Technology, for any and all purposes, provided that RevMed's interest therein shall be subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the exclusive licenses granted herein (during the Term) and all payment obligations.

License Grants.

1. RevMed License to SHP2 Inhibitors. Sanofi shall, effective upon any such termination of this Agreement, and hereby does, grant to RevMed [***], under all [***], and [***], to [***]. Notwithstanding the foregoing, [***] shall not include [***], and [***] shall include [***] (to the extent [***]).

2. RevMed License to Practice Certain Combinations. Sanofi shall, effective upon any such termination of this Agreement, and hereby does, grant to RevMed [***], under [***], and [***] (but excluding [***]). For the avoidance of doubt, [***] licensed under this Section 12.3(c)(ii)(A)(2) do not [***]. 60

Source: REVOLUTION MEDICINES, INC., S-1, 1/17/2020





3. Sanofi License to Practice Certain Combinations. [***] RevMed shall, effective upon any such termination of this Agreement, and hereby does, grant to Sanofi [***], under [***], and [***]. For the avoidance of doubt, [***] licensed under this Section 12.3(c)(ii)(A)(3) do not [***]. If Sanofi [***], Sanofi shall so notify RevMed in writing, and [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, RevMed hereby grants to Sanofi an exclusive (even as to RevMed and its Affiliates), royalty-bearing license (which shall be sub-licensable solely as provided in Section 3.4) under the RevMed Licensed Technology, to Research, Develop, Manufacture, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise Commercialize and exploit Products (including, for clarity, any Companion Diagnostics with respect to such Products) in the Field in the Licensed Territory.

Except as part of a transaction permitted under this Section 15.2, in no event shall RevMed assign or transfer, or agree to assign or transfer to any Third Party, any or all of the RevMed Licensed Patents without the consent of Sanofi, not be unreasonably withheld or conditioned.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sanofi hereby grants to RevMed a non-exclusive, royalty-free sublicense (which shall only be further sub-licensable (a) to RevMed's Subsidiaries, (b) to the Permitted Contractors or Researchers, and (c) solely with Sanofi's prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, to Third Parties who are not Permitted Contractors or Researchers) under the rights exclusively licensed to Sanofi pursuant to Section 3.1, solely to the extent necessary for RevMed to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements.

Sanofi shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to appoint its Affiliates, and Sanofi and its Affiliates shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to appoint any other Persons, in the Licensed Territory to distribute, market, and sell the Products (with or without packaging rights), in circumstances where the Person purchases its requirements of Products from Sanofi or its Affiliates but does not otherwise make any royalty or other payment to Sanofi or its Affiliates with respect to its intellectual property or other proprietary rights.

Upon expiration of this Agreement, the licenses granted to Sanofi under Section 3.1 will become fully paid up, royalty free, perpetual and irrevocable.

To the extent necessary to effect the foregoing in a country other than the United States, each Party grants to the other Party a nonexclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, fully-paid, worldwide license, with the right to grant sublicenses, under the granting Party's interest in Joint Program Technology, for any and all purposes, provided that RevMed's interest therein shall be subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the exclusive licenses granted herein (during the Term) and all payment obligations.

Furthermore, Sanofi shall within [***] after the effective date of such termination, transfer to RevMed all files and documents relating to the prosecution, defense or enforcement of the RevMed Licensed Patents or Joint Program Patents and provide reasonable assistance for a period not to exceed [***] following the effective date of termination, up to a total of [***], in the transfer of the prosecution, defense and enforcement responsibilities to RevMed, including by executing any documents reasonable necessary therefor.

In the case of a termination of this Agreement, Sanofi (with respect to the Termination Products in the Licensed Territory), shall be entitled, for a period of [***] after termination, to (i) complete Manufacture of work-in-progress, and (ii) continue conducting Commercialization activities being conducted by Sanofi hereunder as of such termination (if applicable, with respect to the terminated country(ies)), to the extent related to such Termination Product in Sanofi's inventory as of such termination (or added to such inventory as a result of the completion described in clause (i)), provided that Sanofi fulfills its payment obligations under this Agreement in connection with such inventory sell-off, provided further that the sharing of Net Profits and Net Losses under the Profit/Loss Share Agreement shall continue to apply during the sell-off period.

Each Party shall maintain complete, current and accurate records of all Development activities conducted by it hereunder, and all data and other information resulting from such activities, for at least [***] after the expiration or termination of this Agreement in its entirety or for such longer period as may be required by Applicable Law.

Within [***] after the effective date of such termination for Termination Products for which Regulatory Approval has been obtained prior to the effective date of such termination or [***] for other Termination Products (or as promptly as practical thereafter, if such period is not practical under Applicable Law), Sanofi shall transfer and assign to RevMed all Regulatory Approvals relating to such Termination Products, and, to the extent not previously provided to RevMed, transfer other Regulatory Materials including data from preclinical, non-clinical and clinical studies conducted by or on behalf of Sanofi, its Affiliates or Sublicensees on such Termination Products and all pharmacovigilance data (including all adverse event databases) on such Termination Products

In the case of a termination of this Agreement, Sanofi (with respect to the Termination Products in the Licensed Territory), shall be entitled, for a period of [***] after termination, to (i) complete Manufacture of work-in-progress, and (ii) continue conducting Commercialization activities being conducted by Sanofi hereunder as of such termination (if applicable, with respect to the terminated country(ies)), to the extent related to Termination Product in Sanofi's inventory as of such termination (or added to such inventory as a result of the completion described in clause (i)), provided that Sanofi fulfills its payment obligations under this Agreement in connection with such inventory sell-off, provided further that the payment of royalties to RevMed and the sharing of Net Profits and Net Losses under the Profit/Loss Share Agreement shall continue to apply during the sell-off period.

In addition to the foregoing, Sanofi shall use reasonable efforts with respect to those activities for which it is responsible hereunder to cooperate with RevMed to achieve an orderly transition of the Development, Manufacturing and Commercialization of Termination Products from Sanofi or its applicable Affiliate to RevMed.

If at the time of such termination, Sanofi or its Affiliates are conducting any Clinical Trials (including Registrational Clinical Trials) of a Termination Product, then, at RevMed's election on a trial-by-trial basis, Sanofi shall cooperate, and shall ensure that its Affiliates cooperate, with RevMed to transfer the conduct of all such Clinical Trials to RevMed within [***] after the effective date of such transfer (to the extent practical in light of applicable regulatory and patient safety concerns) and RevMed shall assume any and all liability, and is liable, for such Clinical Trials conducted after the effective date of such termination (except to the extent Sanofi has an obligation of indemnification under Article XIV existing for a claim that arose prior to the effective date of such termination).

If this Agreement is terminated in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, other than by RevMed pursuant to Section 12.2(b) (Termination for Material Breach) or 12.2(c) (Termination for Insolvency), RevMed shall pay to Sanofi on a Product-by-Product basis royalties on sales of terminated Products (such Products, which for the purpose of clarity shall not include any Non-SHP2 Product, hereinafter referred to as "Termination Products"), calculated based on worldwide Net Sales (as such term is applied mutatis mutandis to RevMed and including sales in the U.S.) by RevMed and its Affiliates and Sublicensees of such Termination Products as follows: [***].

Upon termination of [***] by Sanofi pursuant to Section 12.2(a)(ii)B (Termination by Sanofi for Change of Control) in the case of an Acquiror of RevMed that is a Major Biopharmaceutical Company, RevMed, [***], will (1) make available to Sanofi copies of [***], (2) provide Sanofi with copies of [***], (3) provide Sanofi with all [***], and (4) otherwise provide Sanofi all reasonable assistance in [***].

At RevMed's reasonable request, for a period not to exceed [***] following the effective date of termination, Sanofi shall provide RevMed with assistance up to a total of [***] with any inquiries and correspondence with Regulatory Authorities relating to any such Termination Product.

Within [***] of the effective date of such termination (or as promptly as practical thereafter, if such period is not practical under Applicable Law), [***], Sanofi shall transfer and assign to RevMed all Regulatory Approvals relating to Termination Products, and, to the extent not previously provided to RevMed, transfer other Regulatory Materials including data from preclinical, non-clinical and clinical studies conducted by or on behalf of Sanofi, its Affiliates or Sublicensees on any Termination Products and all pharmacovigilance data (including all adverse event databases) on any Termination Products.

Upon any termination of this Agreement, RevMed shall pay to Sanofi any amounts owed to Third Parties under license agreements to which Sanofi is a party that grant Sanofi a license under such Third Party's Patent Rights or Know-How that is sublicensed to RevMed pursuant to Section 12.3(c)(ii)A, unless RevMed declines in writing to obtain such sublicense. "Post-Termination Royalty Term" means: (I) with respect to a particular country and a particular Termination Product that is the subject of the royalty obligations under Section 12.3(c)(ii)B(1), the period of time commencing upon the First Commercial Sale of such Termination Product in such country (by RevMed or its Affiliates or sublicensees) and ending upon the latest of (a) the date on which there is no Valid Claim (as such term is applied mutatis mutandis to Sanofi Sole Program Patents) of a Sanofi Sole Program Patent that would be infringed by the sale of such Termination Product in such country; (b) the expiration of any Regulatory Exclusivity granted with respect to such Termination Product in such country[***] and (II) with respect to a particular country and a particular Termination Product that is subject of the royalty obligations under Section 12.3(c)(ii)B(2) or Section 12.3(c)(ii)B(3), the period of time commencing upon the First Commercial Sale of such Termination Product in such country (by RevMed or its Affiliates or sublicensees) and ending upon the latest of (a) the expiration of any Regulatory Exclusivity granted with respect to such Termination Product in such country; and (b) [***].

If at the time of such termination, Sanofi or its Affiliates are Commercializing a particular Termination Product, then, at RevMed's request, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith a transition services agreement to cover detailing and promotion of such Termination Product (in the same manner and no more extensive than the then-current detailing and promotional efforts of Sanofi) by Sanofi or its Affiliate or contract sales force pursuant to a transition plan agreed by the Parties for a period not to exceed [***], and RevMed shall pay Sanofi a commercially reasonable amount to conduct such activities (which amount would include a commercially reasonable per-detail rate).

Sanofi shall transfer and assign, and shall ensure that its Affiliates transfer and assign, to RevMed, at no cost to RevMed, all Product Marks exclusively relating to any Termination Product, provided that such Product Marks do not contain the business entity names of Sanofi or its Affiliates or variations thereof, except as may otherwise be required by Applicable Law during a transition period to avoid any interruptions in supply of Termination Product to patients. I

At the end of the sell-off period set forth in Section 12.3(c)(iii), Sanofi shall transfer to RevMed any and all inventory of SHP2 Inhibitors and Termination Products (including all research materials, final product, bulk drug substance, intermediates, work-in-process, formulation materials, reference standards, drug product clinical reserve samples, packaged retention samples, and the like) then in the possession of Sanofi, its Affiliates or Sublicensees, and continue or have continued any ongoing stability studies pertaining to any materials so transferred to RevMed for a reasonable period of time until RevMed can assume responsibility for such activities

Sanofi shall, at RevMed's request, for a period not to exceed [***] following the effective date of termination, provide reasonable technical assistance up to a total of [***] and, to the extent not already provided to RevMed, transfer copies of (including when available, in electronic format) all Sanofi Sole Program Know-How to RevMed or its designee, including without limitation: [***], in each case to the extent such materials are exclusively related to the Termination Product.

With regard to Termination Products in countries for which the licenses to Sanofi are terminating, Sanofi shall provide the following transitional assistance, with costs allocated as set forth below

RevMed shall pay Sanofi such royalties until the earlier of (x) expiration of the Post-Termination Royalty Term therefor and (y) a Change of Control of Sanofi.

RevMed entered into a written agreements with prior to the Effective Date, such right of Sanofi shall be to the extent RevMed has the right to permit Sanofi to do so under such written agreements, and provided further, that RevMed shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to secure such right for Sanofi where one does not exist).

Upon reasonable prior notice of the other Party, but in any event at least [***] prior notice, each Party shall and shall cause its Affiliates and its and their Sublicensees to permit an independent auditor of international prominence, selected by the auditing Party and reasonably acceptable to the audited Party, to audit the books and records maintained pursuant to Section 9.8 for the sole purpose of verifying for the auditing Party the accuracy of the financial reports furnished by the audited Party pursuant to this Agreement or of any payments made, or required to be made, by or to the audited Party pursuant to this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement. Such audit shall not occur more than [***] in a given Calendar Year, unless for cause, and shall not concern books and records relating to a period more than [***] preceding the current Calendar Year.

In addition, Sanofi shall have the right to conduct customary reviews and audits of RevMed and its Affiliates and subcontractors (provided that, with respect to Permitted Contractors or Researchers that

The auditing Party shall bear the full cost of such audit unless such audit reveals an underpayment by the audited Party that resulted from a discrepancy in the financial report provided by the audited Party for the audited period, which underpayment was more than [***] percent of the amount set forth in such report, in which case the audited Party shall reimburse the auditing Party for the costs for such audit.

NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 14.5 IS INTENDED TO OR SHALL LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY UNDER SECTION 14.1 OR SECTION 14.2, OR DAMAGES AVAILABLE FOR A PARTY'S BREACH OF ITS OBLIGATIONS RELATING TO CONFIDENTIALITY UNDER ARTICLE XI OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY UNDER ARTICLE X.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Each Party shall procure and maintain insurance, including product liability insurance, with respect to its activities hereunder and under the Ancillary Agreements and which is consistent with normal business practices of companies similarly situated at all times during which any SHP2 Inhibitors or Product is being clinically tested in human subjects or commercially distributed or sold.

Each Party shall provide the other Party with evidence of such insurance upon request and, in the case of RevMed, shall provide Sanofi with written notice at least [***] prior to the cancellation, non-renewal or material changes in such insurance.

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Uniquest Corporation

Tripath Technology, Inc.

Tripath

Distributor

7/7/98

7/1/98

The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.

Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18

The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.

The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.

This Agreement will be governed by the laws of California, without reference to conflicts of laws.

Distributor will not carry any competitive products without Tripath's consent, which shall not be unreasonable.

Tripath or Distributor may terminate this Agreement for any reason with thirty days written notice.

This Agreement is not assignable by Distributor without prior written consent of Tripath, which will not be unreasonably withheld.

Tripath grants to Distributor a non-exclusive license to use Tripath's trademarks, trade names and service marks only in connection with the Products and in the performance of Distributor's obligations under this Agreement.

If Distributor terminates pursuant to Subsection 18.1 or 18.2, or if Tripath terminates pursuant to Subsection 18.3, Tripath may, at its option, purchase and Distributor will resell to Tripath all or part of Distributor's inventory at the price set forth in Subsection 18.4, less a ten percent restocking charge.

If Tripath terminates pursuant to Subsection 18.1 or 18.2, or if Distributor terminates pursuant to Subsection 18.3, Tripath will purchase and Distributor will resell to Tripath Distributor's inventory of Products (excluding

-6-







Distributor Agreement

discontinued and demonstration Products) which Tripath determines to be undamaged and in good condition (including, at Tripath's option on-site inspection). The price for such inventory will be the price actually paid by the Distributor, less any prior credit or allowances.

Upon termination of this Agreement, Distributor will immediately cease all further use of Tripath's trademarks, trade names or service marks except as may be required in the sale of Products in inventory.

Tripath may have an authorized Tripath representative, at Tripath's cost, audit Distributor's records relating to sales and inventories of Products, including, without limitation, records pertaining to any claims submitted by Distributor for price protection, stock rotation, returned Products, ship from stock and debit, DPA allowances, and credit requests.

Neither Tripath nor Distributor will be liable for any incidental or consequential

damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or other pecuniary loss) arising out of this Agreement, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.

The foregoing provisions of this section 19 state the entire liability and obligations of Tripath and the exclusive remedy of Distributor and its customers, with respect to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement by the Products.

Tripath provides an end user limited warranty for retail Products, and one-year limited warranty for OEM products.

For OEM Products, Tripath warrants that the Products will be free of manufacturing and workmanship defects for one year from the date of shipment by Distributor to a customer, or eighteen months from the date of shipment to Distributor, whichever is sooner.

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

Lifeway Foods, Inc.

Ludmila Smolyansky

Individual

Lifeway

14th day of March, 2016

14th day of March, 2016

This Agreement will be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to conflict of laws principles.

Individual agrees that, during the Term hereof, she will not render similar services for, or permit the use of her name, nickname, likeness, voice, live or recorded performance, photograph, signature or facsimile thereof, and biographical materials in advertising or publicizing in any medium for any other Kefir product, yogurt product, cheese, frozen desserts and other products that compete with products manufactured or distributed by Lifeway and its affiliates, subsidiaries and parent companies other than those products manufactured or distributed by Lifeway and its affiliates, subsidiaries, and parent companies.

Neither party will assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party, such consent not to be unreasonably, conditioned, withheld or delayed.

In consideration of the rights granted by Individual hereunder, Lifeway agrees to pay Individual a royalty (the "Royalty") equal to $0.02 for each Lifeway product or individual item sold by Lifeway during each calendar month of the Term bearing Individual's first name, last name or other identifying personal characteristics; provided, however, the Royalty will cease being paid upon the death of Individual.

Individual grants Lifeway together with its affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies and their representatives and employees have an unlimited, perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide and, except as set forth in Section 9, royalty-free, right to use, reuse, publish, reproduce, perform, copy, create derivative works, exhibit, broadcast, and display throughout the world the name, image and likeness of Individual in Marketing Materials (as defined below) in connection with marketing, advertising or otherwise promoting the Lifeway products and/or services and for historical reference and display purposes and other internal purposes, including without limitation, internal sales meetings.

Individual grants Lifeway together with its affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies and their representatives and employees have an unlimited, perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide and, except as set forth in Section 9, royalty-free, right to use, reuse, publish, reproduce, perform, copy, create derivative works, exhibit, broadcast, and display throughout the world the name, image and likeness of Individual in Marketing Materials (as defined below) in connection with marketing, advertising or otherwise promoting the Lifeway products and/or services and for historical reference and display purposes and other internal purposes, including without limitation, internal sales meetings.

Individual grants Lifeway together with its affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies and their representatives and employees have an unlimited, perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide and, except as set forth in Section 9, royalty-free, right to use, reuse, publish, reproduce, perform, copy, create derivative works, exhibit, broadcast, and display throughout the world the name, image and likeness of Individual in Marketing Materials (as defined below) in connection with marketing, advertising or otherwise promoting the Lifeway products and/or services and for historical reference and display purposes and other internal purposes, including without limitation, internal sales meetings.

Individual grants Lifeway together with its affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies and their representatives and employees have an unlimited, perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide and, except as set forth in Section 9, royalty-free, right to use, reuse, publish, reproduce, perform, copy, create derivative works, exhibit, broadcast, and display throughout the world the name, image and likeness of Individual in Marketing Materials (as defined below) in connection with marketing, advertising or otherwise promoting the Lifeway products and/or services and for historical reference and display purposes and other internal purposes, including without limitation, internal sales meetings.

Individual hereby releases and discharges Lifeway from any and all claims, demands, or causes of action in law or equity that he or she may have or may hereafter acquire, including without limitation in connection with any prior use, reuse, publication, reproduction, performance, copy, creation of derivative works, exhibition, broadcast, and display of the name, image and likeness of Individual and any and all claims for libel, slander, invasion of privacy, copyright or trademark violation, right of publicity, or false light, that may arise out of or in connection with the use of the Marketing Materials in accordance with this Agreement.

EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

LifeUSA/  Envision  Health,  Inc.

SIERRA

Sierra Mountain Minerals, Inc.

ENVISION

Dec. 8, 2005

Dec. 8, 2005

The  term of this  Agreement  shall  be two (2)  years  from the          Effective  Date with  automatic  annual  renewals  thereafter  provided          either  party does not provide  sixty (60) days  notice of  termination          prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise  terminated          as set forth in Section 8.

The  term of this  Agreement  shall  be two (2)  years  from the          Effective  Date with  automatic  annual  renewals  thereafter  provided          either  party does not provide  sixty (60) days  notice of  termination          prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise  terminated          as set forth in Section 8.

The  term of this  Agreement  shall  be two (2)  years  from the          Effective  Date with  automatic  annual  renewals  thereafter  provided          either  party does not provide  sixty (60) days  notice of  termination          prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise  terminated          as set forth in Section 8.

This Agreement is deemed to have been entered into  in the State          of Colorado,  and its  interpretation,  construction,  and the remedies          for its  enforcement  or breach  are to be applied  pursuant  to and in          accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado.

SIERRA  hereby   appoints   ENVISION  as  its  exclusive          distributor  for the  Product  in any blend  with  Krill Oil within the          Territory  subject to ENVISION  fulfilling  the terms and conditions of          the best efforts marketing requirements set forth herein in Sections 4,          5,  and  9.

SIERRA  shall  cease  making  sales  to  any  customer  or          distributor who, during the term of this Agreement, violates ENVISION's          exclusivity.

SIERRA  hereby  grants  ENVISION an          exclusive,  royalty-free  sub-license of  the Product's future patents,          and patent  applications  to distribute,  sell  and market the Finished          Product.

During the  term of this  Agreement,  ENVISION          will  exclusively  purchase  the  Product  from   SIERRA.

Upon  termination,  ENVISION shall have eighteen (18) months to exhaust          any  inventories,  packaging  and  advertising  materials  bearing  the          "SierraSil"  trademark  and SIERRA  shall have first option to buy back          any inventory at ENVISION's net purchase price.

Any other assignment          by the parties, requires the prior written consent of the other Party.

ENVISION will provide SIERRA with demand projections          for the  Product and SIERRA will  produce  enough  Product to meet such          demand projections.

This          Agreement  grants  ENVISION a  non-exclusive  and  non-royalty  bearing          license to use the mark  "SierraSil".

SIERRA  hereby  grants  ENVISION an          exclusive,  royalty-free  sub-license of  the Product's future patents,          and patent  applications  to distribute,  sell  and market the Finished          Product.

Upon  termination,  ENVISION shall have eighteen (18) months to exhaust          any  inventories,  packaging  and  advertising  materials  bearing  the          "SierraSil"  trademark  and SIERRA  shall have first option to buy back          any inventory at ENVISION's net purchase pric

SIERRA  warrants  that it carries  general  liability  insurance of not          less than $2 million  per occurrence and product liability insurance of          not less than $5 million  per occurrence  and that,  upon the execution          of this Agreement,  it  will name ENVISION as an additional  insured on          such policies.

ENVISION  warrants  that it          carries  general  liability  insurance of $1 million per occurrence and          product liability  insurance of not less than $2 million per occurrence          and that, upon execution of this  Agreement,  it will name SIERRA as an          additional insured on such policies.

CO-BRANDING AND SERVICES AGREEMENT

DeltaThree

RSL COM PrimeCall, Inc.

PrimeCall

deltathree.com, Inc. (formerly known as Delta Three, Inc.)

October 1, 1999

October 1, 1999

The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.

The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.

This Agreement may not be assigned by DeltaThree without the prior written consent of PrimeCall.

Except as provided in the preceding sentence, this Agreement may not be assigned by PrimeCall without the prior written consent of DeltaThree.

Throughout the Term of this Agreement, the parties hereby agree to grant to each other a limited license to use each other's proprietary marks solely in connection with the sale, distribution, marketing and promotion of each party's calling cards by the other party.

IN NO EVENT SHALL DELTATHREE BE LIABLE TO PRIMECALL FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUES OR DATA WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT PRIMECALL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE LIABILITY OF PRIMECALL FOR DAMAGES OR ALLEGED DAMAGES HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO, AND WILL NOT EXCEED, DELTATHREE'S DIRECT DAMAGES.

IN NO EVENT SHALL PRIMECALL BE LIABLE TO DELTATHREE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUES OR DATA WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT DELTATHREE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE LIABILITY OF DELTATHREE FOR DAMAGES OR ALLEGED DAMAGES HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO, AND WILL NOT EXCEED, PRIMECALL'S DIRECT DAMAGES.

JOINT FILING AGREEMENT

ONCOLOGY IMPACT FUND (CAYMAN) MANAGEMENT L.P.

UBS ONCOLOGY IMPACT FUND L.P.

MPM ONCOLOGY IMPACT MANAGEMENT LP

MPM ONCOLOGY IMPACT MANAGEMENT GP LLC

7t h day of April, 2020.

NON-EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Distributor

SUNWAI Technology

iMine Corporation

JRVS

19th day of July 2018

This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.

This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed pursuant to the laws of the State of Indiana, U.S.A., without reference to principals of conflicts of laws.

The Distributor shall not, during the term of this Agreement, directly or indirectly market, sell, distribute, solicit orders within the Territory for any products which are competitive with the iMine Products unless JRVS consents thereto in writing in advance, based upon the Distributor's full disclosure of the material facts in seeking such consent.

This Agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason or no reason, whether or not extended beyond the initial term, by giving the other party written notice ninety (90) days in advance.

The Distributor shall not assign any of its rights, obligations or privileges (by operation of law or otherwise) hereunder without the prior written consent of JRVS.

The Distributor's single purchase order amount shall be a minimum of five units.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, JRVS appoints the Distributor, and the Distributor hereby accepts such appointment, as JRVS'S non-exclusive authorized distributor for sale of the Products to the Customers (other than House Account) in the Territory (as these terms are defined in Section 1.8, above).

Additionally, the Distributor shall provide JRVS with its audited financial statements within three (3) months of the end of its fiscal year.

JRVS shall be entitled at any time to audit the Distributor's books and records upon reasonable notice in order to confirm the accuracy of the Reports set forth in Section 3.4; provided, that no more than one such audit may be conducted in any three-month period. Any JRVS-elected audit shall be performed at JRVS's own expense during normal business hours; Distributor shall provide reasonable assistance to JRVS for the audit.

NO ACTIONS, REGARDLESS OF FORM, ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, MAY BE BROUGHT BY DISTRIBUTOR MORE THAN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION HAS ARISEN.

IN NO EVENT SHALL JRVS BE LIABLE FOR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, LOST PROFITS OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT.

In the event of termination by either party in accordance with any of the provisions of this Agreement, neither party shall be liable to the other, because of such termination, for compensation, reimbursement or damages on account of the loss of prospective profits or anticipated sales or on account of expenditures, inventory, investments, leases or commitments in connection with the business or goodwill of either party.

IN NO EVENT SHALL JRVS'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT RECEIVED BY JRVS FROM THE DISTRIBUTOR HEREUNDER FOR THE PRODUCT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY.

The Distributor shall have thirty (30) days (the "Inspection Period") upon receipt of each shipment to inspect and test the Products.

The Distributor will not challenge any intellectual property rights claimed by JRVS in such trademarks.

At no time during or after the term of this Agreement will the Distributor challenge or assist others to challenge JRVS Trademarks or the registration thereof or attempt to register any trademarks, marks or trade names confusingly similar to those of JRVS. T

Services Outsourcing Agreement

Emerson HealthCare, LLC

Company

Contractor

CCA Industries, Inc.

January 20, 2014

This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").

This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").

This agreement shall automatically renew for successive six (6) month periods unless written notice is provided of either party's intent not to renew at least six (6) months before the end of the then-current term.

This agreement shall automatically renew for successive six (6) month periods unless written notice is provided of either party's intent not to renew at least six (6) months before the end of the then-current term.

This Agreement shall be deemed to have been entered into in the State of New Jersey, and shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of that State applicable to agreements made and to be performed in the State of New Jersey.

The Company may terminate this Agreement in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence but with less than six (6) months' prior written notice to Contractor; provided, that in such event, the Company shall pay Contractor an amount equal to the Termination Fee.

Either party hereto may terminate this Agreement after the Initial Period upon at least six (6) months' prior written notice to the other party thereof.

This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party, except that, without such consent, (i) Company may make an assignment of this Agreement as collateral security in favor of its lenders, and (ii) the Company may assign this Agreement to a purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company's business related to the Products.

In consideration of providing the Services set forth in Exhibit B, the Company agrees to pay to Contractor [ ** ] percent ([ * ]%]) of Company's Gross Invoiced Sales (the "Service Fees").

Solely to the extent necessary to enable Contractor to provide the Services in accordance with the terms herein, the Company hereby grants Contractor a royalty-free, non-exclusive sublicense, without the right to grant further sublicenses, under any and all applicable trademarks and other Intellectual Property owned or controlled by or licensed to the Company or any of its Affiliates to provide, during the Term of this Agreement, the Services in respect of the Products in the Territory.

Solely to the extent necessary to enable Contractor to provide the Services in accordance with the terms herein, the Company hereby grants Contractor a royalty-free, non-exclusive sublicense, without the right to grant further sublicenses, under any and all applicable trademarks and other Intellectual Property owned or controlled by or licensed to the Company or any of its Affiliates to provide, during the Term of this Agreement, the Services in respect of the Products in the Territory.

Solely to the extent necessary to enable Contractor to provide the Services in accordance with the terms herein, the Company hereby grants Contractor a royalty-free, non-exclusive sublicense, without the right to grant further sublicenses, under any and all applicable trademarks and other Intellectual Property owned or controlled by or licensed to the Company or any of its Affiliates to provide, during the Term of this Agreement, the Services in respect of the Products in the Territory.

After the Withholding Period, Company will remain liable to Contractor for any additional audits, deductions, rebates, credits, allowances or other adjustments taken by the Customers against the Company's Products.

Such insurance requirements shall be maintained during the Term and shall continue for a minimum of three years following termination of this Agreement.

During the Term of this agreement, and for a period of twenty four (24)months after Termination (the "Withholding Period"), Contractor may retain monies (collections in Accounts Receivable) against any reasonable anticipated deductions for product recalls, unsalables, rebates, allowances or any audits or other adjustments it deems necessary.

From time to time during the Term of this Agreement, upon reasonable advance notice, Contractor shall permit the Company and its agents, representatives, auditors and designees to visit, inspect and have full access, during normal business hours, to properties, assets, books, records, agreements, documents, data, files and personnel of Contractor.

Either party hereto may terminate this Agreement after the Initial Period upon at least six (6) months' prior written notice to the other party thereof. The Company may terminate this Agreement in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence but with less than six (6) months' prior written notice to Contractor; provided, that in such event, the Company shall pay Contractor an amount equal to the Termination Fee.

"Termination Fee" shall mean an amount equal to the average Service Fees per day over the 180 day period immediately preceding the date written notice of termination is provided pursuant to Section 8.01(d) and (e) multiplied by number of days by which the Notice Period will be less than 180.

Company shall maintain Products Liability Insurance and in an amount satisfactory to Contractor, under which Contractor is named as an additional insured.

Such insurance requirements shall be maintained during the Term and shall continue for a minimum of three years following termination of this Agreement.

All insurance coverages are to be placed with insurers which have a Best's rating of no less than "A."

Collaborative Development and Commercialization Agreement

Achaogen Inc.

Both Microgenics and Achaogen are referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

Microgenics

Microgenics Corporation

Achaogen

April 26, 2016

April 26, 2016

This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").

This Agreement is subject to and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, U.S.A. (without regard to conflict of law principles).

During the Term, and without limiting Section 4.2, Achaogen hereby grants to Microgenics a royalty-free, exclusive, worldwide license to use the Achaogen

Know-How, Achaogen Patents, and Achaogen Materials to research, develop, manufacture, use, market and sell the Assay in the Territory. [***].

Achaogen may terminate this Agreement in its entirety, for any reason, by providing at least sixty (60) days prior written notice to Microgenics.

In the event that the Responsible Party elects to abandon any applicable Patent, the Responsible Party shall notify the Review Party in writing (such notice, an "Abandonment Notice") at least  [***]  ([***]) days prior to any filing or payment due date or any other due date that requires action to prevent loss of rights, and in the event that the Review Party provides the Responsible Party with written notice within  [***] ([***]) days of receipt of the applicable Abandonment Notice, the Review Party shall thereafter have the right, [***], to conduct such filing, prosecution and maintenance for the applicable Patent.

Any assignment not in accordance with this Section 13.2 (Assignment) shall be void.

Neither Party may assign this Agreement to a Third Party unless both Parties have agreed to such assignment in a writing signed by an authorized representative of each Party hereto; provided, however, that upon providing written notice, (i) either Party may, without the other Party's consent, assign this Agreement to an Affiliate or to any Third Party entity that acquires all or substantially all of its assets to which this Agreement relates and (ii) Achaogen may, without Microgenics' consent, assign this Agreement (in whole or in part) to a Third Party licensee of Achaogen's rights with respect to Plazomicin.

period.

In the event that the Transfer License is granted, Achaogen shall owe no payments to Microgenics for the first [***] ([***]) months that any Assay commercialized under the Transfer License is commercialized and shall pay a [***] percent ([***]%) royalty on its net sales (i.e., gross sales less all deductions, reductions and offsets reasonably taken in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States) of Assays commercialized under the Transfer License following the end of such [***] ([***]) month

In the event that, during the applicable Minimum Threshold Periods (as defined below), Microgenics does not receive the applicable Minimum Threshold Revenue (as defined below) during a given calendar year, Achaogen agrees to pay  [***] Microgenics for such region during such calendar year (on a prorated basis, as applicable).

"Minimum Threshold Revenue" shall mean, with respect to each of the First Minimum Threshold Period and the Second Minimum Threshold Period, USD $[***] of annual gross revenue received by Microgenics from sales of the Assay in the Territory (for clarity, during any overlap between the First Minimum Threshold Period and the Second Minimum Threshold Period, the total Minimum Threshold Revenue would be USD $[***]); provided, however, that the Minimum Threshold Revenue (i) shall be determined by [***] for a given Assay, less [***] directly associated with such sale and Assay and permitted to be taken in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, and (ii) that in the event the Minimum Threshold Period begins or ends during a given calendar year, the Minimum Threshold Revenue for such calendar year shall be prorated accordingly.

Microgenics shall own all inventions and discoveries made by one or both of the Parties as part of the Research Program, whether or not patentable, relating solely to Microgenics Cell Lines, Microgenics [***] Antibodies, the Assay, Immunoassay Technologies and Microgenics Know-How ("Microgenics Inventions").

The Achaogen Patents, Achaogen Know-How and the Achaogen Materials shall at all times remain the sole property of Achaogen.

Achaogen shall own all discoveries and inventions made by one or both of the Parties as part of the Research Program, whether or not patentable, relating (i) solely to Plazomicin, the Achaogen Patents, the Achaogen Know-How, and Achaogen Materials or (ii) [***] (each of (i) and (ii), "Achaogen Inventions").

As between the Parties, Microgenics shall own all right, title and interest in and to any Trademarks developed by or for Microgenics for use in connection with the Assay.

Microgenics retains all rights in and to the Immunoassay Technologies and Microgenics Know-How.

Achaogen retains all rights in and to the Achaogen Patents and Achaogen Know-How.

The Microgenics Cell Lines, Microgenics  [***] Antibodies, Immunoassay Technologies and Microgenics Know-How shall remain the sole property of Microgenics.

Each Party shall be entitled to grant non-exclusive licenses to any Third Party under its interest in a  [***] Products or Joint Patent  [***].

With respect to any Patent applications and Patents claiming or covering any [***] Products, the Parties shall meet to determine in what countries, if any, Patent applications claiming such [***] Products should be filed and the appropriate filing Party (a "Joint Patent").

For all other inventions and discoveries, whether or not patentable, made by the Parties as part of the Research Program, whether individually or jointly, inventorship shall be determined pursuant to the inventorship principles arising under the patent laws of the United States of America, [***] ("[***] Products").

The Party seeking to enforce such infringement claims [***] of any suit brought by it claiming infringement of any Joint Patent. T

The Parties shall mutually determine whether to take action to obtain a discontinuance of infringement or bring suit against a Third Party infringer of any Joint Patents within [***] ([***]) days from the date of notice; provided that neither

Party shall be obligated to join any such action.

During the Term, Microgenics hereby grants to Achaogen and its Affiliates a royalty- free, non-exclusive, sub-licenseable, worldwide license, under and with respect to the Immunoassay Technologies, Microgenics Know- How and any Patents or Patent applications Controlled by Microgenics or its Affiliates to the extent reasonably necessary for Achaogen to perform its obligations or exercise its rights under this Agreement or as is otherwise reasonably necessary to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise commercialize Plazomicin.

During the Term, and without limiting Section 4.2, Achaogen hereby grants to Microgenics a royalty-free, exclusive, worldwide license to use the Achaogen

Microgenics hereby grants to Achaogen a royalty-free non- exclusive right to use such Trademarks in connection with advertising, promoting and marketing Plazomicin, subject to Section 12.5 (Non-Use of Names).

If, for any reason, [***], both Microgenics and the Back-up Supplier (as applicable) are unable to supply the Assay in quantities sufficient to meet the quantities of the Assay either (a) as set forth in each applicable Binding Forecast or (b) based on such other measure of commercial demand as agreed to by the Parties in writing, in either case, during any given  [***]  ([***]) month period for a given country in the Territory, then Microgenics hereby grants Achaogen or its designee a Shortfall License, which license shall survive until [***] ([***]) months following the date that either Microgenics or the Back-up Supplier (as applicable) is in a position again to fulfill such demand (as such positioning is demonstrated [***]) (the "Supply Resumption Date").

Solely in the case of termination of this Agreement by Achaogen under Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause):   9.4.4.1 Microgenics hereby grants Achaogen a Transfer License; provided, that, Achaogen covenants not to use the Transfer License beyond the scope set forth in Section 1.33.

Know-How, Achaogen Patents, and Achaogen Materials to research, develop, manufacture, use, market and sell the Assay in the Territory. [***].

Achaogen shall be responsible for the prosecution and maintenance of any Patent applications and Patents claiming or covering any Achaogen Inventions, and Microgenics shall be responsible for the prosecution and maintenance of any Patent applications and Patents claiming or covering any Microgenics Inventions; provided, that  [***] shall not, without first obtaining [***] prior written consent, file any Patent claiming or covering the [***]; provided, further, that, in the event that any such Patent applications covering or claiming any  [***] are filed without first obtaining  [***] prior written consent, then  [***] hereby grants [***] a perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, sublicenseable, non-exclusive license under such Patent applications and any Patents issuing therefrom or related thereto for the purpose of developing, manufacturing, using or commercializing [***].

[***] hereby grants to  [***] a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except in connection with a permitted assignment, sublicense or subcontract) "right of reference" (as defined in 21 CFR 314.3(b)) with respect to [***] clinical trial data (including  [***]), information (including the  [***], as applicable) and results related to  [***], solely as necessary for [***] to prepare, submit and maintain regulatory submissions related to [***] and Regulatory Approvals for [***].

[***] hereby grants to [***] a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except

in connection with a permitted assignment, sublicense or subcontract) "right of reference" (as defined in 21 CFR 314.3(b)) with respect to clinical trial data and results related to [***], solely as necessary for [***] to prepare, submit and maintain regulatory submissions related to  [***] and Regulatory Approvals for  [***].

Achaogen shall be responsible for the prosecution and maintenance of any Patent applications and Patents claiming or covering any Achaogen Inventions, and Microgenics shall be responsible for the prosecution and maintenance of any Patent applications and Patents claiming or covering any Microgenics Inventions; provided, that  [***] shall not, without first obtaining [***] prior written consent, file any Patent claiming or covering the [***]; provided, further, that, in the event that any such Patent applications covering or claiming any  [***] are filed without first obtaining  [***] prior written consent, then  [***] hereby grants [***] a perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, sublicenseable, non-exclusive license under such Patent applications and any Patents issuing therefrom or related thereto for the purpose of developing, manufacturing, using or commercializing [***].

Achaogen shall have the right to arrange for its employee(s) and/or consultant(s) involved in the activities contemplated hereunder, during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice, to discuss the development activities and results contemplated under this Agreement in detail with the technical personnel and consultant(s) of Microgenics.

[***] during the Term, commencing on the  [***] ([***]) [***] of the Effective Date, Achaogen shall have the right to inspect and audit  [***] per calendar year (either by itself or through a Third Party reasonably acceptable to Microgenics) the Assay manufacturing process, facilities, procedures,

Company shall make available, for audit by Achaogen, the secretary, HHS, the physician statements and informed consents required by 42 U.S.C. 289g-1(b) and (c), or ensure HHS access to those records, if maintained by an entity other than the Contractor.

Achaogen shall have the right (either by itself or through a Third Party reasonably acceptable to Microgenics), during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice, to inspect records pertinent to Microgenics' obligations under this Agreement.

and records upon reasonable notice (which shall be no less than [***] ([***]) calendar days prior notice, unless a shorter period is mutually agreed to by the Parties), and during normal business hours.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Achaogen shall have the right to conduct "for cause" audits (either by itself or through a Third Party reasonably acceptable to Microgenics)  [***] during normal business hours of the [***], including in the event of a failure to supply the Assay as specified under Section 4.3.2.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES THAT ARISE DUE TO A  PARTY'S BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY (ARTICLE 12) OR  INDEMNIFICATION  OBLIGATIONS  (ARTICLE 11),  IN  NO  EVENT WILL  EITHER  PARTY  BE  LIABLE  TO  THE  OTHER  FOR  CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT,  SPECIAL,  EXEMPLARY OR  PUNITIVE DAMAGES  FOR ANY  CAUSE OF  ACTION, WHETHER  IN  CONTRACT, TORT  OR OTHERWISE,  INCLUDING LOST REVENUES, PROFITS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES ARISING OUT OF OR  IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT THE OTHER  PARTY WAS  OR  SHOULD HAVE  BEEN  AWARE OF  THE POSSIBILITY OF  THESE DAMAGES. EXCEPT WITH  RESPECT TO  DAMAGES THAT  ARISE  DUE TO  A  PARTY'S BREACH  OF  CONFIDENTIALITY  (ARTICLE 12)  OR  INDEMNIFICATION  OBLIGATIONS  (ARTICLE 11), THE  LIABILITY  OF  EITHER  PARTY  UNDER  THIS AGREEMENT  (WHETHER  BY  REASON  OF  BREACH  OF  CONTRACT,  TORT,  OR  OTHERWISE)  WITH  RESPECT  TO  A  GIVEN  CLAIM  SHALL  NOT  EXCEED  AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO [***].

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES THAT ARISE DUE TO A  PARTY'S BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY (ARTICLE 12) OR  INDEMNIFICATION  OBLIGATIONS  (ARTICLE 11),  IN  NO  EVENT WILL  EITHER  PARTY  BE  LIABLE  TO  THE  OTHER  FOR  CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT,  SPECIAL,  EXEMPLARY OR  PUNITIVE DAMAGES  FOR ANY  CAUSE OF  ACTION, WHETHER  IN  CONTRACT, TORT  OR OTHERWISE,  INCLUDING LOST REVENUES, PROFITS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES ARISING OUT OF OR  IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT THE OTHER  PARTY WAS  OR  SHOULD HAVE  BEEN  AWARE OF  THE POSSIBILITY OF  THESE DAMAGES. EXCEPT WITH  RESPECT TO  DAMAGES THAT  ARISE  DUE TO  A  PARTY'S BREACH  OF  CONFIDENTIALITY  (ARTICLE 12)  OR  INDEMNIFICATION  OBLIGATIONS  (ARTICLE 11), THE  LIABILITY  OF  EITHER  PARTY  UNDER  THIS AGREEMENT  (WHETHER  BY  REASON  OF  BREACH  OF  CONTRACT,  TORT,  OR  OTHERWISE)  WITH  RESPECT  TO  A  GIVEN  CLAIM  SHALL  NOT  EXCEED  AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO [***].

Each Party shall maintain, through self-insurance or commercially-placed insurance, adequate commercial general liability and products liability insurance, including contractual liability coverage, necessary to satisfy its obligations hereunder and consistent with pharmaceutical and

diagnostic industry practices.

Mobile Application Development Agreement

Mr. Zheng Qing, Mr. Gu Xianwin and Ms. Chen Weijie

VGrab Asia Ltd.

VAL

5th Day of March, 2019

This Agreement shall commence on 5th March 2019

This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.

This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.

This agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed by and in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong.

Developer may also terminate this Agreement by giving two (2) weeks' notice in writing to VAL.

All rights and title to Duesey Coffee Intellectual Property created pursuant to the Project shall belong to VAL and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

All Intellectual Property during the project is owned by VAL, and will be turned over to VAL at the conclusion of the project by Developer and after the fulfillment of all commercial obligations by the VAL.

Change Orders do not however cover any bug or glitch fixing produced out of the code written by Developer as any "bug" will be fixed by Developer for free up to 3 months after final delivery (Bug Fixing Warranty).

FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

Airsopure International Group, Inc.

(hereinafter "You" or by reference "Franchisee", or "Your")

hereinafter "AIRSOPURE" or by reference "we", "us", "our"

this ____ day of ___________, 2000,

________________, 2000

The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.

At the expiration of the term or any renewal term hereof, You may, at its option, renew the Franchise granted hereunder for 2 additional terms of 10 years each on the following terms and conditions:





A. You shall give AIRSOPURE notice in writing of Your election to renew this Agreement at least 3 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term.

B. You shall not be in default of any provision of this Agreement or amendment hereto, including without limitation all payment obligations to AIRSOPURE and its affiliates.

C. As a condition of renewal of the Franchise, You agree to execute AIRSOPURE's then-current form of franchise agreement and to comply fully with all terms and conditions thereof, and to pay AIRSOPURE the then-current renewal fee, which is presently $1,000.00. You understand that AIRSOPURE may revise its franchise agreement for any renewal term, at AIRSOPURE's sole discretion, including without limitation to increase the royalty fees or other fees payable by You or to require other obligations of franchisees.

D. You shall meet AIRSOPURE's then-current qualifications and training requirements.

E. You shall execute a general release in a form prescribed by AIRSOPURE releasing AIRSOPURE and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents from all known and unknown claims and liabilities to the extent permitted by state and federal law.

F. You may be required, at AIRSOPURE's sole discretion, to upgrade or remodel Your AIRSOPURE Center to conform to AIRSOPURE's then-current specifications and standards as specified in AIRSOPURE's Operating Manual of otherwise in writing, provided such upgrade or remodel is reasonable in terms of cost and implementation schedule.

This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and execution by AIRSOPURE in the State of Texas, and shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the State of Texas.

C. Own, maintain, engage in, be employed by, advise, consult, assist, invest in or have any interest whatsoever in any business or entity which competes with or offers products or services which are the same or similar to those of AIRSOPURE or the Franchise.

You covenant and agree that You (or any shareholder if Your Franchise is a corporation) shall not, for a period of two years following termination of this Agreement for any reason, either directly or indirectly own, maintain, engage in, be employed by, advise, consult, assist, invest in or have any interest whatsoever in any business or entity which competes with or offers products or services which are the same or similar to those of AIRSOPURE or the Franchise within a radius of 25 miles of Your Exclusive Territory.

You covenant and agree that during the term of this Agreement, and subject to the post-termination provisions contained herein, You shall not, except as otherwise approved in writing by AIRSOPURE, either directly or indirectly:

A. Divert or attempt to divert any business or customer of the Franchise to any competitor, or competing business, by direct or indirect inducement or otherwise, or do or perform, directly or indirectly, any other act injurious or prejudicial to AIRSOPURE or the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks and Products.

You have been granted an exclusive trade area by this Agreement.

You will not sell or lease Products at any location other than within Your Exclusive Territory, engage in mail order sales of Products or supply Products to others for resale or lease at any other location.

AIRSOPURE hereby grants to You the exclusive right to solicit customers for the Products by direct mail advertising, or other approved means, but not including the World Wide Web (Internet) nor by printed catalogues, in

Other AIRSOPURE franchisees will not be permitted to solicit customers for Products by advertising in Your Exclusive Territory.

The Parties recognize the importance of fully developing the market for Products in the Exclusive Territory, and a substantial part of the consideration for and inducement to AIRSOPURE to enter into this Agreement is Your agreement to devote Your best efforts to market, sell and support Products to customers located in Your Exclusive Territory. You agree to concentrate Your marketing efforts to customers located in Your Territory, and You agree not to advertise the Products using media or publications whose primary coverage area is outside Your Exclusive Territory.

You shall not purposely solicit sales and service to customers located outside Your Exclusive Territory, provided such activity in not within an assigned Exclusive Territory.

AIRSOPURE grants to You, and You accept from AIRSOPURE, the right and license to operate an AIRSOPURE Center (or the "Franchise") for the sale or lease of AIRSOPURE's exclusive line of Products or at a location in the Exclusive Territory to be approved in writing by AIRSOPURE and listed in attached Exhibit A (the "Exclusive Territory and Center Location"), to purchase Products from AIRSOPURE or its affiliates for resale at the Center to customers in the Exclusive Territory, and to use the Licensed Marks only in connection with the operation of the Franchise in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

the Exclusive Territory described above and in Exhibit A.

Likewise, You may not target or solicit customers for Products by advertising in other Franchisees respective Exclusive Territories.

You covenant and agree that during the term of this Agreement, and subject to the post-termination provisions contained herein, You shall not, except as otherwise approved in writing by AIRSOPURE, either directly or indirectly:

A. Divert or attempt to divert any business or customer of the Franchise to any competitor, or competing business, by direct or indirect inducement or otherwise, or do or perform, directly or indirectly, any other act injurious or prejudicial to AIRSOPURE or the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks and Products.

Other AIRSOPURE franchisees will not be permitted to solicit customers for Products by advertising in Your Exclusive Territory.

AIRSOPURE covenants and agrees that the restrictions set forth above in Paragraphs 16.02.C and 16.03 shall not apply to ownership by You of less than a 5% beneficial interest in the outstanding equity securities of any publicly traded corporation, provided that You are not an employee, consultant or director of such corporation.

You covenant and agree that during the term of this Agreement, and subject to the post-termination provisions contained herein, You shall not, except as otherwise approved in writing by AIRSOPURE, either directly or indirectly:

B. Employ or seek to employ any person who is at that time employed by AIRSOPURE or by another AIRSOPURE franchisee or induce such person to leave his or her employment.

AIRSOPURE shall have the right, but not the duty, to be exercised by notice of intent to do so within 30 days after termination or expiration, to purchase any or all signs, advertising materials, supplies and inventory and any other items bearing AIRSOPURE's Licensed Marks, at Your cost or at fair market value, whichever is less.

AIRSOPURE shall have the option, within 15 days after receipt of such written notice, to notify You that AIRSOPURE elects to purchase the rights and license granted herein or stock ownership on the same terms and conditions as the bona fide written offer.

If AIRSOPURE fails to notify You of its election to exercise its right of first refusal granted herein within the thirty day period, then You may sell the franchise rights and license or the stock for the amount of the bona fide offer, subject to AIRSOPURE's rights under Section 12.02 above. Any material change in the terms or conditions of any offer prior to closing shall constitute a new offer subject to AIRSOPURE's right of first refusal described herein. If You fail to consummate the transaction within 30 days from the earlier of: (a) receipt of notice from AIRSOPURE that it elects not to exercise its right of first refusal, or (b) expiration of the 15 day period referred to herein, then You must resubmit the proposed transaction to AIRSOPURE, and AIRSOPURE shall have a new 15 day review period and right of first refusal.

Any purported assignment or transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, not having the prior written consent of AIRSOPURE shall be null and void and shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement.

AIRSOPURE grants to You, and You accept from AIRSOPURE, the right and license to operate an AIRSOPURE Center (or the "Franchise") for the sale or lease of AIRSOPURE's exclusive line of Products or at a location in the Exclusive Territory to be approved in writing by AIRSOPURE and listed in attached Exhibit A (the "Exclusive Territory and Center Location"), to purchase Products from AIRSOPURE or its affiliates for resale at the Center to customers in the Exclusive Territory, and to use the Licensed Marks only in connection with the operation of the Franchise in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Accordingly, You shall not sell, assign, transfer, convey, give away, mortgage or otherwise encumber any direct or indirect interest in the Franchise without the prior written consent of AIRSOPURE.

The right and license to use the Licensed Marks granted hereunder to You is nonexclusive, and AIRSOPURE may use and grant franchises to others to use the Licensed Marks in any manner except as expressly provided otherwise herein.

Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, this Agreement and all rights granted hereunder to You shall immediately terminate, and:

AIRSOPURE shall have the right, but not the duty, to be exercised by notice of intent to do so within 30 days after termination or expiration, to purchase any or all signs, advertising materials, supplies and inventory and any other items bearing AIRSOPURE's Licensed Marks, at Your cost or at fair market value, whichever is less.

C. You shall take such action as may be necessary to cancel any assumed name or equivalent registrations or listings in telephone or other directories which contain the names or Licensed Marks of AIRSOPURE, and You shall furnish AIRSOPURE with evidence satisfactory to AIRSOPURE of compliance with this obligation within 30 days after termination or expiration of this Agreement.

AIRSOPURE or its designated agents shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine and copy, at its expense, all books, records, receipts and tax returns of Yours related to the Franchise and, at its option, to have an independent audit made, and thereupon be allowed to search Your computer accounting files.

If an inspection discloses an underpayment to AIRSOPURE of 2% or more of the total amount that should have been paid to AIRSOPURE, You shall, in addition to repayment of such understated amount with interest, reimburse AIRSOPURE for any and all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the inspection or audit (including, without limitation,





reasonable accounting and attorneys' fees).

Provide AIRSOPURE and its representatives with unlimited access to FRANCHISEE'S offices or its AIRSOPURE Center (personal residence excluded), including Your books, computer system (for sales and products only, unless we are auditing You) and records of the Franchise, during normal business hours for purposes of conducting inspections to fully examine and evaluate Your methods of doing business, including interviews with Your employees and customers

The evidence of insurance shall include a statement by the insurer that the policy or policies will not be canceled or materially altered without at least 30 days prior written notice to AIRSOPURE.

You shall procure and maintain in full force and effect during the term of this Agreement, at Your expense, insurance policies written by an insurance company satisfactory to AIRSOPURE in accordance with standards and specifications set forth in the Operations Manual or otherwise by AIRSOPURE in writing. Such policies shall name AIRSOPURE as an additional insured and shall include, at a minimum:

A. Comprehensive general liability insurance in the amount of $1,000,000.00.

B. Comprehensive automobile liability insurance, including collision, comprehensive, medical and liability to satisfy state law requirements.

C. Additional coverage's and higher policy limits may be required from time to time by AIRSOPURE.

You shall not directly or indirectly contest the validity of the ownership of the Licensed Marks.

PROMOTION AGREEMENT

Immunomedics, Inc.

Janssen

Company

Janssen Biotech, Inc.

April 5, 2019

April 5, 2019

"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.

The interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement, and the rights granted and obligations arising hereunder, shall be governed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law rules.

During the Term, neither Company nor any of its Affiliates (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Third Party that becomes an Affiliate of Company after the Effective Date) shall, alone or in collaboration with any Third Party, market, promote, sell, distribute or otherwise commercialize in the Territory any Competing Product without the prior written consent of Janssen.

During the Term, Janssen shall not directly or indirectly solicit for employment any Sales Representative who is an employee of Company, and Company shall not directly or indirectly solicit for employment any employee of Janssen with whom Company has had contact in the course of the evaluation or negotiation of this Agreement or with whom Company interacts during the Term; provided, however, that the foregoing provision will not prohibit either Party from (a) conducting general solicitations of employment in publications (including but not limited to websites, newspapers and/or journals) available to the public, or solicitations through the use of search firms, and which, in any case, are not directed





specifically toward such employees of the other Party or (b) any contact with any such employee of the other Party (i) that was initiated by such employee without any solicitation prior thereto by the contacting Party (other than solicitation permitted by clause (a) of this sentence) or (ii) with whom the contacting Party is already in employment discussions as of the Effective Date, or (iii) by any person other than (A) one who was introduced to, or became aware of, the relevant employee of the other Party solely in connection with this Agreement, and (B) one who is acting at the direction or suggestion of a person described in (A).

Notwithstanding the above, before Company destroys any safety records it will notify Janssen of its intention to do so, affording Janssen the opportunity to retain such records if it so wishes.

In the event that, after the Effective Date, a Third Party (an "Acquirer") either (a) merges with Company, (b) acquires "control" (as defined in Section 1.4) of Company or (c) acquires substantially all the assets of the Company (each of (a), (b) and (c), an "Acquisition"), and such Acquirer or any of its Affiliates immediately prior to such Acquisition is commercializing a Competing Product in the Territory, then either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on [***] ([***]) days written notice delivered within [***] ([***]) days of the closing of such Acquisition, and Company shall not be deemed to be marketing, promoting, selling, distributing or commercializing a Competing Product in breach of this Section for so long as it is conducting such activities solely through personnel who are not involved in any activities under this Agreement and do not have access to Janssen's Confidential Information hereunder.

Company shall not use an Affiliate to exercise any of its rights or perform any of its obligations or duties hereunder without Janssen's prior written consent.

Company may not subcontract with or otherwise use any Affiliate or Third Party to perform any Detailing or any of its other obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Janssen.

Neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations of a Party may be assigned, delegated or otherwise transferred by such Party without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, that Janssen may, without such consent but with prior written notice to Company, assign, delegate and transfer this Agreement or all or any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to (a) any Third Party that acquires substantially all Janssen's assets relating to the Product in the





Territory or (b) any Affiliate of Janssen.

In partial consideration of Company's Promotion of the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, with respect to each Calendar Quarter during Calendar Year 2019 and Calendar Year 2020, Janssen shall pay Company a service fee (the "Service Fee"), as follows:

(a) with respect to each Calendar Quarter during Calendar Year 2019, an amount equal to (i) [***] percent ([***]%) of that portion of Cumulative Net Sales that is greater than the Baseline for Calendar Year 2019, less (ii) the total Service Fees that have been invoiced by Company to Janssen for all preceding Calendar Quarters of Calendar Year 2019; and





(b) with respect to each Calendar Quarter during Calendar Year 2020, an amount equal to (i) [***] percent ([***]%) of that portion of Cumulative Net Sales that is greater than the Baseline for Calendar Year 2020, less (ii) the total Service Fees that have been invoiced by Company to Janssen for all preceding Calendar Quarters of Calendar Year 2020.

At all times during the Term, Company shall use reasonable efforts to deploy and maintain a sales force (the "Sales Force") of at least [***] ([***]) Sales Representatives who satisfy the conditions described in Section 3.3.1.

For clarity, (i) Company must achieve all of the applicable foregoing minimum requirements in order to avoid giving rise to Janssen's rights and remedies under this Section 3.2.3, and (ii) such rights shall be in addition to any other rights and remedies that may be available to Janssen under applicable Laws in the event of any such failure on the part of Company.

If Company fails to achieve the Minimum Number of Details Requirement, the Minimum Reach Requirement or, if applicable, the Minimum PDE Requirement or the Minimum Top Target Requirement in any Detailing Period, Janssen shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by giving thirty (30) days' notice, unless:

(a) Company complied with and performed its Detailing activities in accordance with any Remediation Plans developed by Company and approved by Janssen during such Detailing Period; or

(b) if (i) neither Party provided a Performance Failure Notice under Section 3.2.4 during such Detailing Period and (ii) Company performs additional Details in the first month after such Detailing Period such that, if such Details had been performed during such Detailing Period, they would have been sufficient to cure the failure to achieve the Minimum Number of Details Requirement, the Minimum Reach Requirement, the Minimum PDE Requirement or the Minimum Top Target Requirement, as applicable. To avoid double-counting, such additional Details will not be taken into account when determining whether Company satisfies the Minimum Number of Details Requirement, Minimum Reach Requirement or, if applicable, the Minimum PDE Requirement or the Minimum Top Target Requirement in the then-current Detailing Period.

At a minimum, Company shall cause its Sales Force to satisfy the Minimum Number of Details Requirement, the Minimum Reach Requirement and, if applicable, the Minimum PDE Requirement and the Minimum Top Target Requirement set forth in Exhibit B in each Detailing Period.

If the average number of Sales Representatives on the Sales Force is less than twenty-five (25) over any forty-five (45)-day period, Janssen will have the right to terminate this Agreement by giving thirty (30) days' notice.

To the extent that Company, by operation of Law or otherwise, acquires any right (other than pursuant to this Agreement) to any of the Product Trademarks, any other Trademarks of Janssen, such copyrights or such other intellectual property rights, Company shall assign to Janssen all such rights at Janssen's cost and will not claim ownership.

Janssen hereby grants to Company, during the Term, a non-exclusive, royalty free right to use such Product name and Product Trademarks, and Janssen corporate names and logos, solely to the extent they are included on the Promotional Materials and solely for the purpose of using the Promotional Materials to Promote in the Territory under this Agreement.

The Parties shall reasonably cooperate in good faith to effect the transition to Janssen of all Product promotional activities to minimize disruptions to customers and patients.

In furtherance of the foregoing, and at the request of either Party, the Joint Commercial Team, reasonably in advance of the expected end of the Term shall develop and approve a transition plan that contains, among other things, a plan for notifying Targets and other customers or health care providers of such termination or expiration and transition, and, if applicable, provides for the completion of any events set forth in a Brand Plan which are already scheduled but will take place after the effective date of termination or expiration.

The independent certified public accounting firm will be provided access to the Books and Records of the Audited Party, and such examination will be conducted during the Audited Party's normal business hours.

Janssen or an authorized representative of Janssen, and any governmental agency that regulates a Party, may, at reasonable times during the Term and upon reasonable notice to Company, inspect and audit the Books and Records of Company with respect to Company's obligations under this Agreement for the sole purpose of evaluating Company's compliance with Sections 3.1.3, 3.4.2, 11.5 and 11.6 of this Agreement, applicable Laws and the Promotion Rules.

Without prejudice to Section 7.5 of the Agreement, Janssen or its designee shall have the right to audit Company to verify Company's compliance with this Schedule and the Applicable Law, provided that Janssen provides Company with at least [***] ([***]) calendar days prior written notice. T

Upon [***] ([***]) days prior notice from a Party (the "Auditing Party"), the other Party (the "Audited Party") will permit an independent certified public accounting firm of internationally recognized standing selected by the Auditing Party and reasonably acceptable to the Audited Party, to examine the relevant Books and Records of the Audited Party, as may be reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of the reports provided by the Audited Party pursuant to Section 3.2.4 or Section 5.5.1, as applicable, and the payments made or invoiced under this Agreement.

FURTHER, SUBJECT TO AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY ACTIONS UNDER SECTIONS 12.1 AND 12.2, AND EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO LIABILITY ARISING FROM BREACH OF SECTION 9.1 BY A PARTY OR ARISING FROM THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF A PARTY, EACH PARTY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ALL CASES AND CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION AND WHETHER BROUGHT IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, WILL BE LIMITED TO $[***].

SUBJECT TO AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY ACTIONS UNDER SECTIONS 12.1 AND 12.2, AND EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO LIABILITY ARISING FROM BREACH OF SECTION 9.1 BY A PARTY, NO PARTY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES UNDER ANY CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, MULTIPLIED OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR OTHER DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFIT, SALES OR FEES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER.

FURTHER, SUBJECT TO AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY ACTIONS UNDER SECTIONS 12.1 AND 12.2, AND EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO LIABILITY ARISING FROM BREACH OF SECTION 9.1 BY A PARTY OR ARISING FROM THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF A PARTY, EACH PARTY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ALL CASES AND CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION AND WHETHER BROUGHT IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, WILL BE LIMITED TO $[***].

SUBJECT TO AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY ACTIONS UNDER SECTIONS 12.1 AND 12.2, AND EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO LIABILITY ARISING FROM BREACH OF SECTION 9.1 BY A PARTY, NO PARTY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES UNDER ANY CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, MULTIPLIED OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR OTHER DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFIT, SALES OR FEES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER

Insurance Requirements

[***]

Company agrees that it shall not seek to register or obtain ownership rights in any of Janssen's corporate names, logos, or Product Trademarks (or any confusingly similar trademark).

RESELLER AGREEMENT

BVTK

the company set forth below ("Company") (each, individually, a "party" and collectively, "parties"):

i3 Integrative Creative Solutions, LLC

Bravatek Solutions, Inc.

i3 ICS

Reseller

7th day of April, 2017

7th day of April, 2017

Contract is renewable for 1 year extension by amendment to this agreement.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.

During the Term hereof and for a period of six (6) months following the termination of this Agreement or the discontinuation of any of the Company Products, (i) the Reseller shall have the exclusive right to commission for any Registered Referrals, (ii) the Company shall not market, promote, sell, or distribute Company Products or solicit or procure orders for the Company Products, or for any product(s) or service(s) similar to the Company Products, in the Territory other than through the Reseller and pursuant to this Agreement, except with the prior written consent of the Reseller, and (iii) without limitation to the foregoing, the Company shall not, directly or through other parties (whether agents, representatives, intermediaries, resellers or other parties), market, promote, sell, distribute, solicit or procure orders to any existing or prospective customer of the Reseller.

Either Party may terminate this agreement for non-cause with a sixty (60) written notice.

25% of Net Revenue (as defined in Section 1e.) with a COMPANY-RESELLER AGREED UPON SALE PRICE in writing, the case of COMPANY's software products.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Company grants Reseller the right to use and display the Company trademarks, tradenames and other designations of source, and proprietary notices, slogans, designs and distinct advertising as may appear on any documentation or other material with respect to Product ("Marks") with prior approval, that will not be unreasonable withheld.

During the Term hereof and for a period of six (6) months following the termination of this Agreement or the discontinuation of any of the Company Products, (i) the Reseller shall have the exclusive right to commission for any Registered Referrals, (ii) the Company shall not market, promote, sell, or distribute Company Products or solicit or procure orders for the Company Products, or for any product(s) or service(s) similar to the Company Products, in the Territory other than through the Reseller and pursuant to this Agreement, except with the prior written consent of the Reseller, and (iii) without limitation to the foregoing, the Company shall not, directly or through other parties (whether agents, representatives, intermediaries, resellers or other parties), market, promote, sell, distribute, solicit or procure orders to any existing or prospective customer of the Reseller.

EXCEPT FOR IN THE EVENT OF WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, THE RESELLER AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO THE COMPANY, AND SHALL HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO INDEMNIFY OR HOLD HARMLESS THE COMPANY, WITH RESPECT TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LOSS RESULTING FROM OR CAUSED BY THE COMPANY PRODUCTS.

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

_________________

SPORT-HALEY, INC.

Professional

Company

this day of ___________________, 19__

this day of ___________________, 19__

The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of          execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written          agreement of the parties.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in            accordance with, and governed by the laws of the State of Colorado           without regard to conflicts of laws principles.

The Professional agrees that, with respect to men's apparel,          he will exclusively endorse and use exclusively in play, practice,           exhibits, clinics and other events open to the media or public, Haley           brand apparel which shall consist of shirts, vests, jackets, sweaters,          pants and shorts (if permitted by applicable rules).

As described in Section 1(b) above, the Professional          has granted the company an exclusive worldwide right and license          to use his name, autograph, likeness, photographs, electronic media          depiction, signature and any other words, symbols or depiction's          (hereinafter the "Professional's Image") which will identify the          Professional to the public in connection with the advertising,           promotion, publicizing, sale and distribution of Haley apparel.

The Professional grants to the Company the exclusive worldwide          right and license to use his name, autograph, likeness, photographs,          electronic media depiction, signature and any other words, symbols or          depiction's which would identify the Professional to the public in           connection with the advertising, promotion, publicizing, sale and           distribution of Haley apparel by the Company.

This Agreement may not be assigned by the           Professional under any circumstances.

The Company shall not be           entitled to assign this Agreement to any other party without the           Professional's express prior written consent, except any assignment           by the Company as a result of a stock exchange, merger, consolidation,          or sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company, in which           case not such consent shall be required.

Should the services of the          Professional be required for longer than one day, the Professional           shall be entitled to his daily appearance fee, plus reasonable           expenses, for each day in excess of one day.

The right of usage described herein shall be subject to          the requirement that the Company shall not place the Professional's           Image in an unfavorable light.

As described in Section 1(b) above, the Professional          has granted the company an exclusive worldwide right and license          to use his name, autograph, likeness, photographs, electronic media          depiction, signature and any other words, symbols or depiction's          (hereinafter the "Professional's Image") which will identify the          Professional to the public in connection with the advertising,           promotion, publicizing, sale and distribution of Haley apparel.

The Professional grants to the Company the exclusive worldwide          right and license to use his name, autograph, likeness, photographs,          electronic media depiction, signature and any other words, symbols or          depiction's which would identify the Professional to the public in           connection with the advertising, promotion, publicizing, sale and           distribution of Haley apparel by the Company.

The          Company shall have unlimited rights of utilization of the           Professional's Image in all advertising, promotion, publicity and           other forms of communication with any part during the term of this           Agreement, it being the intent of the Professional that the Company's          utilization of the Professional's Image shall be at the discretion of          the Company.

The          Company shall have unlimited rights of utilization of the           Professional's Image in all advertising, promotion, publicity and           other forms of communication with any part during the term of this           Agreement, it being the intent of the Professional that the Company's          utilization of the Professional's Image shall be at the discretion of          the Company.

Following the expiration of 90 days from the termination or          expiration of this Agreement, the Company shall cease usage of all           publicity, promotion and advertising materials which contain the          Professional's Image, it being the understanding of the parties that          during such 90-day period the Company shall have the right to use           such remaining publicity, promotion or advertising materials as shall          then be available to the Company.

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT

BII

Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH

Xencor, Inc

XENCOR

hereinafter BII an XENCOR each shall also be called "Party" and collectively "Parties" as the case may be).

February 10, 2012

February 10, 2012

This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, USA without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.

Subject to XENCOR's adherence to the obligations under this Agreement, BII hereby grants XENCOR a worldwide, irrevocable, exclusive, sublicensable and royalty free license to use the Process and all reasonably necessary related BII Confidential Information and Know- How, BII Technology and BII Intellectual Property for the sole purpose of making and having made the Product; provided that such license shall become effective only upon complete payment of the Technology Access Fee, as applicable.

The Parties acknowledge that nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict XENCOR, itself or with or through any third party, from developing and using any process (except for the Process) for the manufacture of any of its products, including the Product, provided that no BII Confidential Information and Know-How is used and XENCOR adheres to its confidentiality and non-use obligations hereunder and complies with the ownership of intellectual property and Improvements as set forth in Section 8 below.

XENCOR shall provide BII written notice (i) of the completion of the Phase 1 clinical trials of the Product, which notice shall include reasonable documentation of the results of such Phase 1 clinical trials of the Product or (ii) that XENCOR has entered into an agreement with at least one Business Partner, whichever of (i) and (ii) occurs earlier.

In the event that BII elects not to exercise its first right of negotiation described in Section 5.2.2.a or 5.2.2.b, or, despite their commercially reasonably efforts and good faith negotiations the Parties (or BII and the Business Partner) are unable to agree upon a manufacturing agreement within the Clinical Negotiation Period or, Commercial Negotiation Period, as applicable; and/or XENCOR (and/or XENCOR's Business Partner) wishes to use the Process outside the terms and conditions set forth in a contract manufacturing agreement with BII, BII shall transfer the Process in accordance with Section 5.2.3 below.

If the supply price for Product proposed by a third party (which may include a Business Partner or its affiliate) is more than [...***...] percent ([...***...]%) of the commercial supply price of Product last proposed by BII during the negotiations between the Parties (or BII and the Business Partner), XENCOR (or its Business Partner) shall provide written notice to BII that XENCOR (and its Business Partner) will accept the commercial supply price last proposed by BII, and BII and XENCOR (or its Business Partner) will enter into a contract manufacturing agreement reflecting such commercial supply price; provided that, if BII does not agree to enter into such contract manufacturing agreement within [...***...] after such written notice, XENCOR (or its Business Partner) shall be free to enter into an agreement with a third party (which may include an agreement for any Business Partner or its affiliate to manufacture and supply Product).

If BII provides written notice of its exercise of the first right to negotiate within such [...***...] period but BII and XENCOR (or its Business Partner) do not enter into such a contract manufacturing agreement within the Commercial Negotiation Period, XENCOR and any Business Partner shall be free to enter into one or more agreements with third parties for the manufacture and supply, of commercial Product (which may include an agreement for any Business Partner or its affiliate to manufacture and supply commercial Product); provided that the supply price for Product is no more than [...***...] percent ([...***...]%) of the commercial supply price of Product last proposed by BII during the negotiations between the Parties (or BII and the Business Partner).

If BII does not provide written notice of its exercise of the first right to negotiate within such [...***...] period, XENCOR and any Business Partner shall be free to enter into one or more agreements with third parties for the manufacture and supply of commercial Product (which may include an agreement for any Business Partner or its affiliate to manufacture and supply commercial Product).

In addition, if BI has exercised its first right of negotiation in Section 5.2.2.a, XENCOR hereby grants and will make an eventual Business Partner do so, BII a first right to negotiate to manufacture and supply commercial Product as Principal Supplier for a period up to the [...***...], starting with the first commercial launch of the Product.

terms and conditions common for the contract manufacture of monoclonal antibodies within the contract manufacturing industry, it being understood that any such contract manufacturing agreement would provide for Technology transfer, payment of the Technology Access Fee (if applicable), and other terms set forth in Sections 5.2.3, 5.2.4 and 5.2.5 below.

manufacturing agreement within [...***...] after such written notice, XENCOR (or its Business Partner) shall be free to enter into an agreement with a third party (or an agreement for the Business Partner or its affiliate to manufacture and supply Product).

XENCOR shall provide BII written notice (i) of the decision to have the Product manufactured at a commercial scale and to launch the Product commercially or (ii) that XENCOR has entered into an agreement with at least one Business Partner, whichever of (i) and (ii) occurs earlier.

If the supply price for Product proposed by a third party (which may include a Business Partner or its affiliate) is more than [...***...] percent ([...***...]%) of the clinical supply price of Product last proposed by BII during the negotiations between the Parties (or BII and the Business Partner) , XENCOR (or its Business Partner) shall provide written notice to BII that XENCOR (and its Business Partner) will accept the clinical supply price last proposed by BII, and BII and XENCOR (or its Business Partner) will enter into a contract manufacturing agreement reflecting such clinical supply price; provided that, if BII does not agree to enter into such contract

The right set forth in Section 5.2.2.b shall automatically terminate if BII does not exercise the first right of negotiation set forth in Section 5.2.2.a.

XENCOR hereby grants and will make an eventual Business Partner do so, BII a first right to negotiate to manufacture and supply Product for use in Phase 2 and 3 clinical trials.

In both cases set forth above, in Section 5.2.2.a. and b., if BII exercises its first right of negotiation, BII and XENCOR (and/or its Business Partner, as applicable) will negotiate in good faith a respective contract manufacturing agreement based on the market rate

In addition, no Technology Access Fee shall be due or payable in connection with XENCOR's election to use or have used (e.g. by a Business Partner) the Process if (i) BII does not exercise its first right to negotiate under either Section 5.2.2.a or 5.2.2.b, (ii) BII exercises its first right to negotiate but demands a supply price for clinical/commercial supply of Product that exceeds the bid price for the clinical/ commercial supply of Product of a comparable quantity and quality by a third party biopharmaceutical CMO of comparable size and respective activities to BII and with registered headquarters in the Major Territories, or (iii) XENCOR (or its Business Partner) has entered into a contract manufacturing agreement with BII, but BII is not able to supply XENCOR and its Business Partners [...***...] of the Product required.

If BII provides XENCOR written notice of its exercise of the first right to negotiate within [...***...] after receipt of such written notice from XENCOR, then for a period of [...***...] following such written notice from BII or such longer period as agreed in writing by BII and XENCOR (or its Business Partner) (the "Clinical Negotiation Period"), XENCOR (or its Business Partner) and BII will negotiate in good faith an agreement for the manufacture and supply of Product for use in Phase 2 and 3 clinical trials, at market rate terms and conditions common for the contract manufacture of monoclonal antibodies within the contract manufacturing industry, to be mutually agreed in writing by the Parties.

All of BII's rights of negotiation set forth in this Secti6n 5.2.2 shall terminate upon payment of the Technology Access Fee by XENCOR.

If BII does not provide written notice of its exercise of the first right to negotiate within such [...***...] period, XENCOR and any Business Partner shall be free to enter into one or more agreements with third parties for the manufacture and supply of Product for use in Phase 2 and 3 clinical trials

If BII provides written notice of its exercise of the first right to negotiate within such [...***...] period but BII and XENCOR (or its Business Partner) do not enter into such a contract manufacturing agreement within the Clinical Negotiation Period, XENCOR and any Business Partner shall be free to enter into one or more agreements with third parties for the manufacture and supply of Product for use in Phase 2 and 3 clinical trials (which may include an agreement for any Business Partner or its affiliate to manufacture and supply Product for clinical trials), provided that the supply price for Product is no more than [...***...] percent ([...***...]%) of the clinical supply price of Product last proposed by BII during the negotiations between the Parties (or BII and the Business Partner).

If BII provides XENCOR written notice of its exercise of the first right to negotiate within [...***...] after receipt of such written notice from XENCOR, then for a period of [...***...] following such written notice, or such longer period as agreed in writing by BII and XENCOR (or its Business Partner) (the "Commercial Negotiation Period"), XENCOR (or its Business Partner) and BII will negotiate in good faith an agreement for the manufacture and supply of commercial Product as Principal Supplier, at market rate terms and conditions common for the contract manufacture of monoclonal antibodies within the contract manufacturing industry to be mutually agreed in writing by the Parties.

The rights set forth in Section 5.2.2.a and b shall automatically terminate if BII does not produce a viable Process for manufacture of Product as evidenced by failure to produce cGMP Product within a timeframe reasonably and customary in the biopharmaceutical industry for companies of comparable size and the respective activities.

This Agreement shall not be assignable by either Party, except with the written





consent of the other Party hereto; provided, however, that either Party may assign this Agreement without the other Party's consent to an acquiring party in connection with the transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the business of such Party to which this Agreement relates to such acquiring party, whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise, provided that in the event of such a sale or transfer (whether this Agreement is actually assigned or is assumed by the acquiring party by operation of law (e.g,. in the context of a reverse triangular merger)).

BII shall have the first right to prosecute and maintain patent rights within the Other Improvements, at its expense, provided that if BII elects not to prosecute or maintain an Other Improvement it shall provide written notice to XENCOR, and XENCOR may elect to take over responsibility for prosecution and maintenance of such Other Improvement, at its own expense, by providing written notice to BII, in which case all rights to such Other Improvement shall be assigned to XENCOR.

BII (on behalf of itself and its Affiliated Companies) agrees to assign and hereby assigns to XENCOR all right title and interest it may have in any XENCOR Intellectual Property

XENCOR agrees to assign and hereby assigns to BII all right title and interest it may have in any BII Intellectual Property.

Improvements that (i) relate specifically to BII Confidential Information and Know-How, and (ii) do not relate to XENCOR Confidential Information and KnowHow (collectively, "BII Intellectual Property") will be exclusively owned by BII, and BII shall control patent prosecution and maintenance thereof.

Improvements that (i) relate specifically to XENCOR Confidential Information and Know-How and/or the Product (or any modification, derivative or fragment thereof), and (ii) do not relate to BII Confidential Information and KnowHow (collectively, "XENCOR Intellectual Property"), will be exclusively owned by XENCOR and XENCOR shall control patent prosecution and maintenance thereof.

BII shall provide reasonable assistance to XENCOR for any action which may be necessary to assign or otherwise transfer any rights to XENCOR Intellectual Property contemplated by this Section 8.2.1.

XENCOR shall provide reasonable assistance to BII for any action which may be necessary to assign or otherwise transfer such rights to BII Intellectual Property contemplated by this Section 8.2.2.

Each Party shall provide reasonable assistance for any action which may be necessary to assign or otherwise transfer such rights to Other Improvements to Parties as joint owners

Each Party agrees to assign and hereby assigns to the other Party such right title and interest it may have in any Other Improvements as necessary to effect joint ownership of the Other Improvements by BII and XENCOR.

Any Improvements that are neither XENCOR Intellectual Property nor BII Intellectual Property shall be defined as "Other Improvements" and shall be jointly owned by BII and XENCOR, with the Parties entitled to practice the same as joint owners, without duty of accounting to the other Party and with the right to license to others without consent of the other Party.

Subject to XENCOR's adherence to the obligations under this Agreement, BII hereby grants XENCOR a worldwide, irrevocable, exclusive, sublicensable and royalty free license to use the Process and all reasonably necessary related BII Confidential Information and Know- How, BII Technology and BII Intellectual Property for the sole purpose of making and having made the Product; provided that such license shall become effective only upon complete payment of the Technology Access Fee, as applicable.

XENCOR hereby grants to BII and BII herewith accepts a non exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, sublicensable (in several cascades), perpetual, royalty-free/fully paid up license under the XENCOR Intellectual Property to the extent it is generally applicable to the manufacturing of biopharmaceutical products, handling

In the event that XENCOR pays the Technology Access Fee set forth above, XENCOR shall have the right to use or have used (e.g. by a Business Partner) the Process worldwide for the manufacture of Product in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, without entering into a contract manufacturing agreement with BII.

of cell lines and/or development of manufacturing processes, to use such XENCOR Intellectual Property in for the manufacture of biopharmaceutical products, handling of cell lines and/or development of manufacturing processes, but excluding any use with respect to the Product (or any modification, derivative or fragment thereof).

During the term of this Agreement, XENCOR hereby grants to BII and BII hereby accepts for the purpose of pursuing the Project a non-exclusive, non-sub-licensable (except to Affiliated Companies), royalty-free, license to use the XENCOR Confidential Information and Know-How, the Material, the XENCOR Intellectual Property and/or any part of the Other Improvements for the sole purpose to develop the Process, and for the manufacturing of the Product for clinical purposes in accordance with this Agreement

BII grants to XENCOR the license set forth in Section 5.2.5 as provided therein.

Subject to XENCOR's confidentiality and non-use obligations hereunder and without affecting the ownership of Improvements as set forth in Section 8, BII hereby grants to XENCOR a non-exclusive, worldwide license to use and reproduce all such summaries and/or reports for all uses in connection with development activities relating to Product that do not involve manufacturing of Product (e.g., formulation work, toxicology studies or the development of a manufacturing process), regulatory activities relating to the Product and, to the extent necessary, any commercial activities relating to the Product, which XENCOR may sublicense in connection with any license of rights to the Product.

During the term of this Agreement, XENCOR hereby grants to BII and BII hereby accepts for the purpose of pursuing the Project a non-exclusive, non-sub-licensable (except to Affiliated Companies), royalty-free, license to use the XENCOR Confidential Information and Know-How, the Material, the XENCOR Intellectual Property and/or any part of the Other Improvements for the sole purpose to develop the Process, and for the manufacturing of the Product for clinical purposes in accordance with this Agreement.

In the event that XENCOR pays the Technology Access Fee set forth above, XENCOR shall have the right to use or have used (e.g. by a Business Partner) the Process worldwide for the manufacture of Product in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, without entering into a contract manufacturing agreement with BII

Subject to XENCOR's adherence to the obligations under this Agreement, BII hereby grants XENCOR a worldwide, irrevocable, exclusive, sublicensable and royalty free license to use the Process and all reasonably necessary related BII Confidential Information and Know- How, BII Technology and BII Intellectual Property for the sole purpose of making and having made the Product; provided that such license shall become effective only upon complete payment of the Technology Access Fee, as applicable.

of cell lines and/or development of manufacturing processes, to use such XENCOR Intellectual Property in for the manufacture of biopharmaceutical products, handling of cell lines and/or development of manufacturing processes, but excluding any use with respect to the Product (or any modification, derivative or fragment thereof).

XENCOR hereby grants to BII and BII herewith accepts a non exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, sublicensable (in several cascades), perpetual, royalty-free/fully paid up license under the XENCOR Intellectual Property to the extent it is generally applicable to the manufacturing of biopharmaceutical products, handling

damages for any negligent or intentional breach of confidentiality and non-use obligations under Section 9); and   b. each Party's aggregate liability and/or indemnification obligations towards the other Party under this Agreement shall not exceed an amount equal to the average annual aggregate amount paid or to be paid by XENCOR to BII hereunder; provided, however, that in the case of a Party's negligent or intentional breach of confidentiality and nonuse obligations pursuant to Section 9, this limitation of liability shall be increased to twice the average annual aggregate amount paid or to be paid by XENCOR to BII hereunder;   provided however that the foregoing Subsections a. and b. of this Section 7.4 shall not limit XENCOR' s liability and indemnification obligation towards BII with respect to any third party claims according to clause (iii) and (iv) of Section 7.3 b. regarding any use of the Deliverables (in particular the Product) in humans and/or with respect to any third party claim that BII's use of the Material to manufacture the Product infringes any issued patent owed by such third party (excluding any such claim based specifically on use of the Process but not on the use of the Material).

With the exception of wilful misconduct by a Party, and such cases where a limitation of liability and/or indemnification is not possible under applicable law, for which cases there shall be no limitation, any and all liability and/or indemnification obligations of each of BII and XENCOR under this Agreement shall be:   a. excluded for incidental, indirect, consequential, punitive or special damages (provided that the foregoing shall not exclude a Party's right to consequential or incidental

For avoidance of doubt, all BII liability or indemnification obligation that might result from representations and the warranties under this Section 6 are always subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7.4 of this Agreement.

damages for any negligent or intentional breach of confidentiality and non-use obligations under Section 9); and   b. each Party's aggregate liability and/or indemnification obligations towards the other Party under this Agreement shall not exceed an amount equal to the average annual aggregate amount paid or to be paid by XENCOR to BII hereunder; provided, however, that in the case of a Party's negligent or intentional breach of confidentiality and nonuse obligations pursuant to Section 9, this limitation of liability shall be increased to twice the average annual aggregate amount paid or to be paid by XENCOR to BII hereunder;   provided however that the foregoing Subsections a. and b. of this Section 7.4 shall not limit XENCOR' s liability and indemnification obligation towards BII with respect to any third party claims according to clause (iii) and (iv) of Section 7.3 b. regarding any use of the Deliverables (in particular the Product) in humans and/or with respect to any third party claim that BII's use of the Material to manufacture the Product infringes any issued patent owed by such third party (excluding any such claim based specifically on use of the Process but not on the use of the Material)

With the exception of wilful misconduct by a Party, and such cases where a limitation of liability and/or indemnification is not possible under applicable law, for which cases there shall be no limitation, any and all liability and/or indemnification obligations of each of BII and XENCOR under this Agreement shall be:   a. excluded for incidental, indirect, consequential, punitive or special damages (provided that the foregoing shall not exclude a Party's right to consequential or incidental

Except as otherwise provided herein and as set forth in Section 2.5, XENCOR shall have [...***...] after the date of XENCOR's receipt of Product, for all claims arising out of or relating to any Latent Defects and to reject such delivered Product for Latent Defects; provided, however that XENCOR shall only be permitted to reject the Product if the Acceptance Criteria are not met.

In the event XENCOR rejects the Product for Obvious Defects or Latent Defects as provided above, BII shall have the right to sample and retest the Product, which shall be done as soon as

Notice of all claims arising out of or relating to Obvious Defects shall be given in writing to BII within [...***...] after the date of XENCOR's receipt of Product, otherwise, such Product shall be considered free of any Obvious Defects as between BII and XENCOR.

practicable, provided that, if BII does not notify XENCOR in writing of its election to retest the Product within [...***...] after notice of rejection from XENCOR, BII shall be deemed to agree with XENCOR's rejection of the Product. I

BII shall have the right to reasonably self insure.

XENCOR and BII shall obtain and/or maintain during the term of this Agreement and for a period of [...***...] thereafter, liability insurance in amounts which are reasonable and customary in the biopharmaceutical industry for companies of comparable size and the respective activities (i.e. BII as CMO and XENCOR as sponsor/pharmaceutical company) at the respective place of business and such liability insurance shall insure against all mandatory liability, including liability for personal injury, physical injury and property damage.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

NetGrocer, Inc.

Excite

Excite, Inc.

NetGrocer

15th day of December, 1997

15th day of December, 1997

The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997                   and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii)                   Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs                   described in Section 1(f).

This Agreement will be governed by and                   construed in accordance with the laws of the State of                   California, notwithstanding the actual state or country of                   residence or incorporation of NetGrocer.

For the term of the Agreement, Excite will not enter into any                   agreement to display and shall not display on the Excite Site                   content created by Excite promoting NetGrocer's                   "Competitors", content created by NetGrocer's Competitors,                   promotional placements and/or advertising banners from                   NetGrocer's Competitors or make available on the Excite Site                   online supermarket sales offered by NetGrocer's Competitors

EXHIBIT A

                         LIST OF NETGROCER COMPETITORS

Peapod

Shoppers Express/Oncart

For the purposes of this Agreement, "Competitors" means                   online supermarkets, which offer selections of consumer                   packaged goods and groceries comparable to NetGrocer or                   off-Web supermarkets, as listed in Exhibit A. The parties may                   amend Exhibit A from time to time and Excite will not                   unreasonably withhold its consent to the inclusion of bona                   fide Competitors submitted by NetGrocer.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Excite may display Excite                   Search results links to NetGrocer's Competitors in Excite                   Search results pages in response to user queries, may display                   links to NetGrocer's Competitors in Excite's general                   directory of Web sites and, after giving NetGrocer reasonable                   advance notice, in search results displayed in "Excite                   Shopping Service powered by Jango".

In the event that it is determined that                   Excite violated the Agreement by excluding a bona fide                   NetGrocer Competitor from Exhibit A or displayed on the                   Excite Site advertising or promotional material from a bona                   fide NetGrocer Competitor, Excite will be obligated to (i)                   immediately add the online supermarket to Exhibit A, (ii)                   immediately remove from the Excite Site any advertising or                   promotional material from the online supermarket and (iii)                   provide NetGrocer with advertising and promotional value,                   without additional cost, equal to the advertising and                   promotional value provided to the online supermarket prior to                   the removal of its advertising and promotional material from                   the Excite Site.

Any attempt to assign this Agreement other                   than as permitted above will be null and void.

Neither party may assign this Agreement, in whole                   or in part, without the other party's written consent (which                   will not be unreasonably withheld), except that no such                   consent will be required in connection with (i) a merger,                   reorganization or sale of all, or substantially all, of such                   party's assets or (ii) the assignment and/or delegation of                   such party's rights and responsibilities hereunder to a                   wholly-owned subsidiary or joint venture in which that party                   holds an interest.

Such link will be displayed                            as the left-most link or top-most link at least                            fifty percent (50%) of the time.

If Excite does                   not make good the difference within [*] days, NetGrocer may                    suspend (but not eliminate) its payments of the sponsorship                    and advertising fees described in Section 5(b) and 5(c) until                   the make-good is delivered, at which time NetGrocer will                    resume its payments of the sponsorship and advertising fees.

If Excite misses any quarterly guaranteed Click-through                   amount, Excite will make good the difference within [*]                   days following the end of such quarter.

Excite guarantees                   that it will deliver four million fifty thousand (4,050,000)                   "Click-throughs" on the promotional placements and                   advertising banners described in Section 1(a) - (d) in the                   second year of the term of the Agreement by delivering [*] of                   the annual guaranteed "Click-throughs" in the first quarter                   of the second year of the term of the Agreement, a cumulative                   total of [*] of the annual guaranteed "Click-throughs" in the                   second quarter of the second year of the term of the                   Agreement, a cumulative total of [*] of the annual guaranteed                   "click-throughs" in the third quarter of the second year of                   the term of the Agreement and a cumulative total of 100% of                   the annual guaranteed "Click-throughs" in the fourth quarter                   of the second year of the term of the Agreement.

Excite guarantees that it will deliver [*] "Click-throughs" on                   the promotional placements and advertising banners described                   in Section 1 (a) - (d) in the first year of the term of the                   Agreement by delivering [*] of the annual guaranteed                   "Click-throughs" in the first quarter of the first year of                   the term of the Agreement, a cumulative total of [*] of the                   annual guaranteed "Click-throughs" in the second quarter of                   the first year of the term of the Agreement, a cumulative                   total of [*] of the annual guaranteed "Click-throughs" in                   the third quarter of the first year of the term of the                   Agreement and a cumulative total of 100% of the annual                   guaranteed "Click-throughs" in the fourth quarter of the





                  first year of the term of the Agreement.

Each party hereby grants to the other a non-exclusive,                   limited license to use its trademarks, service marks or trade                   names only as specifically described in this Agreement.

The fees charged by such Certified                   Public Accountant will be paid by NetGrocer unless the audit                   finds a discrepancy of more than five percent (5%) with                   respect to the item being audited, in which case Excite shall                   be responsible for the payment of the reasonable fees for                   such inspection.

NetGrocer may, upon no less than thirty (30) days prior                   written notice to Excite cause an independent Certified                   Public Accountant to inspect the records of Excite reasonably

EXCEPT UNDER SECTION 11(a), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO          THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,          WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR          OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE          POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE LIABILITY OF EXCITE FOR DAMAGES OR          ALLEGED DAMAGES HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER          LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO, AND WILL NOT EXCEED, THE TOTAL AMOUNTS          PREVIOUSLY PAID OR TO BE PAID BY NETGROCER TO EXCITE HEREUNDER [*]

EXCEPT UNDER SECTION 11(a), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO          THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,          WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR          OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE          POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE LIABILITY OF EXCITE FOR DAMAGES OR          ALLEGED DAMAGES HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER          LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO, AND WILL NOT EXCEED, THE TOTAL AMOUNTS          PREVIOUSLY PAID OR TO BE PAID BY NETGROCER TO EXCITE HEREUNDER [*]

LICENSE AND DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

Bioeq

Coherus BioSciences, Inc.

Bioeq IP AG

Licensee

Nov. 02, 2019

Nov. 02, 2019

Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.

Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of [***], without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof, and [***].

During the term of this Agreement, neither Party shall, and shall not permit its Affiliates to, nor grant any rights to any Third Party to, directly or indirectly, Commercialize, or Develop any New Product for Commercialization in the Territory, except as permitted in accordance with this Section 3.4.

Upon the consummation of such definitive agreement, if Licensee has not then divested all such Competitive Products such that a Competitor Change of Control has occurred, Bioeq may, upon sending written notice to Licensee within sixty (60) days thereafter, terminate this Agreement.

Bioeq may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Licensee, if Licensee conducts any clinical development of, markets, sells or distributes any Competitive Product in the Territory, whether directly or indirectly through the intermediary of a Third Party or its Affiliates (Restricted Activities);

Solely in the event that this Agreement is terminated by Bioeq pursuant to Sections 15.2.1, 15.2.2, 15.2.3, 15.2.4, 15.2.8 or 15.2.9 or by Licensee pursuant to Section 15.2.5 , Licensee shall grant, and hereby grants to Bioeq an exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicenseable, license to use the Licensee-Controlled Trademarks which were actually used by Licensee to Commercialize the Licensed Products in the Territory in connection with Bioeq's Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Territory.

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Bioeq hereby grants to Licensee an exclusive (even as to Bioeq), milestone- and royalty-bearing, non-transferable license (including the right to grant sublicenses only to the extent permitted by Section 2.1.2) under the Licensed Technology (including the Licensed Patents) to use, sell, have sold, import, have imported or otherwise Commercialize the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

For clarity, the exclusive license granted to Licensee pursuant to Section 2.1 shall extend to all Intellectual Property Rights and Know-How Controlled by Bioeq and embodied within, or claiming or covering the Bioeq Improvements.

Each Party agrees that, during the [***] ([***]) [***] period starting from the Effective Date, such Party will not, directly or indirectly, solicit for employment any employee of the other Party or its Affiliates or otherwise induce or attempt to induce such employees to terminate their employment with such other Party or such other Party's Affiliates; provided, however, that general public solicitations and advertisements not directed at employees of the other Party, and the extension of offers to persons who respond to such general solicitations and advertisements, will not be deemed violations of this provision.

Licensee may terminate this Agreement for convenience upon eighteen (18) months' advance written notice to Bioeq; provided, however, that any such termination for convenience shall not become effective prior to twelve (12) months after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product.

Upon the consummation of such definitive agreement, if Licensee has not then divested all such Competitive Products such that a Competitor Change of Control has occurred, Bioeq may, upon sending written notice to Licensee within sixty (60) days thereafter, terminate this Agreement.

Bioeq may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Licensee, if Licensee conducts any clinical development of, markets, sells or distributes any Competitive Product in the Territory, whether directly or indirectly through the intermediary of a Third Party or its Affiliates (Restricted Activities); provided, that in the event that Restricted Activities are being or would be deemed to be conducted by Licensee solely in connection with a Competitor Change of Control, Bioeq may not terminate this Agreement in accordance with this Section 15.2.2 and instead may terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 15.2.9.

Licensee shall notify Bioeq in writing within [***] ([***]) days after entry by Licensee into a definitive agreement which would result in a Competitor Change of Control.

Any purported assignment or transfer in violation of this Section 16.4 shall be null and void.

Except as otherwise expressly provided under this Agreement, neither Party may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any right or obligation hereunder (whether voluntarily, by operation of law or otherwise), without the prior express written consent of the other Party; except however, that either Party shall be permitted to effect such an assignment or transfer without the consent of the other Party to (a) any of its Affiliates or (b) in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of its assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, acquisition, asset sale, stock purchase, or otherwise, but in any event subject to Bioeq's ability to terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 15.2.9 (for the avoidance of doubt, such termination right pursuant to Section 15.2.9 shall apply mutatis mutandis in case of assignment of the Agreement to a Competitor in all cases listed under subsection (b) above)

Licensee shall be entitled to freely subcontract or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to its Affiliates or to Third Parties, provided that (i) all sales of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory continue to be made by Licensee or its Affiliates (or their wholesalers or distributors) and (ii) Licensee shall remain liable for the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

In addition, Licensee shall pay to Bioeq the following royalties on Licensee's and its Affiliates' Gross Margins (calculated in accordance with Section 7.3.3) generated through the sale of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory:

(a) Prior to [***], Licensee shall pay to Bioeq royalties in the amount of [***] percent ([***]%) on Licensee's and its Affiliates' Gross Margins (calculated in accordance with Section 7.3.3) generated through the sale of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory, payable on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product basis, and subject to Section 7.3.1(c) hereunder.

(b) Starting [***], Licensee shall pay to Bioeq royalties in the amount of [***] percent ([***]%) on the Licensee's and its Affiliates' Gross Margins generated through the sale of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory, payable on a Licensed ProductbyLicensed Product basis, and subject to Section 7.3.1(c) hereunder.

The license granted by Licensee pursuant to Section 9.2.2 shall be extended to also include the Development, Manufacture, sale, import or other Commercialization of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory, and, unless this Agreement is terminated by Bioeq pursuant to pursuant to Sections 15.2.1, 15.2.2, 15.2.3, 15.2.4, 15.2.8 or 15.2.9, or by Licensee pursuant to Section 15.2.5 (in [***]), such license shall thereafter be royalty-bearing on Bioeq on Net Sales (applied mutatis mutandis as if Bioeq were Licensee, and additionally applying to sales by sublicensees of Bioeq) by Bioeq, its Affiliates, and its sublicensees of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory which have [***] Licensee Improvement, at [***].

(c) dedicate the minimum pre-launch and post-launch resources specified in Section B of Schedule 6.2(c) to its Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Territory in accordance with the Commercialization Plan during each year ([***]) after the First Commercial Sale of any Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory until [***] (Commercialization Commitment Period); provided that if Licensee [***], then the commercialization commitments as set forth in Section B of Schedule 6.2(c) shall continue to apply except that the [***]. For clarity, after the expiration of the Commercialization Commitment Period, Licensee shall have no further obligation under this Section 6.2(c).

Subject to the second sentence of this Section 15.2.2, Bioeq may notify Licensee of its intent to terminate this Agreement anytime within thirty ([***]) days following the end of any [***] ([***]) month time period starting [***] ([***]) months after the First Commercial Sale of the first [***] Product in the Field in the Territory upon written notice to Licensee, if Licensee, with respect to its sales of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory, has not achieved an average market share of at least [***] percent ([***]%) of the [***] (such market excluding for clarity in all cases [***]), calculated based on [***] in the Field in the Territory in the [***] ([***]) months prior to the end of such [***] ([***]) month time period (i.e., for example, in months [***] of the [***] after the First Commercial Sale of such [***] Product) (Minimum Market Share Requirement); upon Licensee's receipt of such notice from Bioeq, if Licensee does not achieve the Minimum Market Share Requirement, applied mutatis mutandis, during the subsequent [***] ([***]) months period following its receipt of such notice from Bioeq (Licensee Cure Period), Bioeq may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Licensee; provided further, that the termination right described in this Section 15.2.2 shall apply only if [***], and provided further that such failure of Licensee to achieve the Minimum Market Share Requirement (i) is not due to any [***] (including [***]); (ii) not due to any [***] Bioeq's right to notify Licensee of its intent to terminate this Agreement in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 15.2.2 shall apply only until [***] ([***]) days after the [***] ([***]) anniversary of the First Commercial Sale of the first [***] Product in the Field in the Territory, after which Bioeq shall have no further rights under this Section 15.2.2.

In particular, Licensee commits to:

In addition, upon Bioeq's request, Licensee shall notify the competent Regulatory Authority of such transfer, supply Bioeq with all documents already prepared by Licensee or its Affiliates for the filing of applications in relation to the Licensed Products with any Regulatory Authority and/or apply for the closing of any such application.

Notwithstanding any other rights Bioeq may have under this Agreement or Applicable Law; if Licensee does not transfer and assign to Bioeq or its designee its rights in any Biologics License Applications and Biologics License Application Approvals controlled by Licensee for the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory within the above [***] ([***]) day time period (provided that the physical or electronic transfer of files and documentation in connection with such transfer and assignment

Licensee shall, within [***] ([***]) days of the effective date of termination of the Agreement at the latest (and at no cost to Bioeq if this Agreement is terminated by Bioeq pursuant to Sections 15.2.1, 15.2.2, 15.2.3, 15.2.4, 15.2.8 or 15.2.9, or by Licensee pursuant to Section 15.2.5, or at Bioeq's cost and expense if this Agreement is terminated by Licensee pursuant to Sections 15.2.1, 15.2.6, 15.2.7 or 15.2.8, as applicable) transfer and assign to Bioeq or its designee all of Licensee's right, title and interest in and to any and all Biologics License Applications and Biologics License Application Approvals controlled by Licensee for the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory as of the effective date of such termination, including any and all documentation pertaining to such filings and Biologics License Application Approvals (provided that the physical or electronic transfer of files and documentation in connection with such transfer and assignment of rights may occur after such [***] ([***]) day period without being deemed a breach of this Section 15.3.2 by Licensee).

Prior to the First Commercial Sale of any Licensed Product in the Territory, Bioeq shall transfer or cause to be transferred the applicable Regulatory Approvals and Biologics License Applications for such Licensed Product to Licensee, including by preparing and submitting a transfer letter notifying the FDA of the transfer of the applicable Regulatory Approvals and Biologics License Applications for such Licensed Product to Licensee.

Following such transfer, Licensee shall have the sole right and shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to maintain such Regulatory Approvals for the Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory at Licensee's expense (subject to the remainder of this Section 4.4), and shall have the sole right to communicate and correspond with Regulatory Authorities in the Territory in connection therewith, in each case, in consultation with Bioeq.

of rights may occur after such [***] ([***]) day period without being deemed a breach of this Section 15.3.2 by Licensee), [***].

For those countries where a specific license is required for a joint owner of a Joint Invention or Joint Improvement to practice such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement, in such country, each Party hereby grants to the other Party a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up license, transferable and sublicensable, under such Party's right, title and interest in and to such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement to freely exploit such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement in such country, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the licenses granted hereunder.

Each Party hereby assigns to the other Party a joint equal and undivided interest in and to all Joint Inventions (including Joint Improvements) to effect such joint ownership of such Joint Inventions (including Joint Improvements).

As between the Parties, the Parties shall jointly own all Inventions (including Improvements) developed, conceived or reduced to practice jointly by or on behalf of both Bioeq and Licensee (such Inventions, Joint Inventions, and such Improvements, Joint Improvements), and all Intellectual Property Rights and Know-How therein.

Solely in the event that this Agreement is terminated by Bioeq pursuant to Sections 15.2.1, 15.2.2, 15.2.3, 15.2.4, 15.2.8 or 15.2.9 or by Licensee pursuant to Section 15.2.5 , Licensee shall grant, and hereby grants to Bioeq an exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicenseable, license to use the Licensee-Controlled Trademarks which were actually used by Licensee to Commercialize the Licensed Products in the Territory in connection with Bioeq's Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Territory. I

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Bioeq hereby grants to Licensee an exclusive (even as to Bioeq), milestone- and royalty-bearing, non-transferable license (including the right to grant sublicenses only to the extent permitted by Section 2.1.2) under the Licensed Technology (including the Licensed Patents) to use, sell, have sold, import, have imported or otherwise Commercialize the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

For those countries where a specific license is required for a joint owner of a Joint Invention or Joint Improvement to practice such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement, in such country, each Party hereby grants to the other Party a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up license, transferable and sublicensable, under such Party's right, title and interest in and to such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement to freely exploit such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement in such country, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the licenses granted hereunder.

or expiration of this Agreement) a non-exclusive, fully-paid, irrevocable license (including the right to grant sublicenses) under all Intellectual Property Rights and Know-How Controlled by Licensee and embodied within, or claiming or covering the Licensee Improvements, to Develop, Manufacture, sell, import, or otherwise Commercialize Licensed Products outside of the Territory.

Licensee hereby grants to Bioeq during the term of this Agreement (and, subject to Section 15.3.4, after termination

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Bioeq hereby grants to Licensee an exclusive (even as to Bioeq), milestone- and royalty-bearing, non-transferable license (including the right to grant sublicenses only to the extent permitted by Section 2.1.2) under the Licensed Technology (including the Licensed Patents) to use, sell, have sold, import, have imported or otherwise Commercialize the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

For those countries where a specific license is required for a joint owner of a Joint Invention or Joint Improvement to practice such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement, in such country, each Party hereby grants to the other Party a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up license, transferable and sublicensable, under such Party's right, title and interest in and to such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement to freely exploit such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement in such country, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the licenses granted hereunder.

Licensee shall be entitled to grant sublicenses under its license pursuant to Section 2.1 to Affiliates only, provided that any sublicense granted by Licensee under this Section 2.1.2 shall be made through a written agreement in the English language and shall be consistent with the terms of this Agreement.

For those countries where a specific license is required for a joint owner of a Joint Invention or Joint Improvement to practice such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement, in such country, each Party hereby grants to the other Party a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up license, transferable and sublicensable, under such Party's right, title and interest in and to such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement to freely exploit such Joint Invention or Joint Improvement in such country, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the licenses granted hereunder.

or expiration of this Agreement) a non-exclusive, fully-paid, irrevocable license (including the right to grant sublicenses) under all Intellectual Property Rights and Know-How Controlled by Licensee and embodied within, or claiming or covering the Licensee Improvements, to Develop, Manufacture, sell, import, or otherwise Commercialize Licensed Products outside of the Territory.

Licensee hereby grants to Bioeq during the term of this Agreement (and, subject to Section 15.3.4, after termination

Licensee shall, within [***] ([***]) days of the effective date of termination of the Agreement at the latest (and at no cost to Bioeq if this Agreement is terminated by Bioeq pursuant to Sections 15.2.1, 15.2.2, 15.2.3, 15.2.4, 15.2.8 or 15.2.9, or by Licensee pursuant to Section 15.2.5, or at Bioeq's cost and expense if this Agreement is terminated by Licensee pursuant to Sections 15.2.1, 15.2.6, 15.2.7 or 15.2.8, as applicable) transfer and assign to Bioeq or its designee all of Licensee's right, title and interest in and to any and all Biologics License Applications and Biologics License Application Approvals controlled by Licensee for the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory as of the effective date of such termination, including any and all documentation pertaining to such filings and Biologics License Application Approvals (provided that the physical or electronic transfer of files and documentation in connection with such transfer and assignment of rights may occur after such [***] ([***]) day period without being deemed a breach of this Section 15.3.2 by Licensee)

Licensee shall be permitted, at Bioeq's choice (if this Agreement is terminated by Bioeq pursuant to Sections 15.2.1, 15.2.2, 15.2.3, 15.2.4, 15.2.8 or 15.2.9, or by Licensee pursuant to Section 15.2.5) or at Licensee's choice (if this Agreement is terminated by Licensee pursuant to Sections 15.2.1, 15.2.6, 15.2.7 or 15.2.8), to cither (a) continue selling its and its Affiliates' inventory of Licensed Products existing on the termination effective date in accordance with this Agreement for a maximum period of [***] ([***]) days (in which case all terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Licensee's obligation to report and pay royalties, shall continue to apply to such continued sale) or (b) sell such inventory to Bioeq at the supply price paid by Licensee to Bioeq for such inventory in accordance with the Manufacturing and Supply Agreement.

Licensee shall (at no cost to Bioeq if this Agreement is terminated by Bioeq pursuant to Sections 15.2.1, 15.2.2, 15.2.3, 15.2.4, 15.2.8 or 15.2.9, or by Licensee pursuant to Section 15.2.5, or at Bioeq's cost and expense if this Agreement is terminated by Licensee pursuant to Sections 15.2.1, 15.2.6, 15.2.7 or 15.2.8, as applicable) use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to cooperate with Bioeq or its designee, and provide [***] reasonable assistance and support, to [***] Bioeq or its designee to take over the Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory [***] following the effective date of such termination, including by (a) using Commercially Reasonable Efforts to provide [***], (b) disclosing and assigning (to the extent permitted under the relevant agreement) to Bioeq Licensee's existing agreements relating solely to the Commercialization of the Licensed Product in the Territory, including with [***], to the extent legally possible ([***]) and (c) transferring Licensed Product- specific marketing materials, including [***].

Upon reasonable written request of Bioeq, and no more than once during a given calendar year, Licensee shall make all records reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of its quarterly reports pursuant to Section 7.3.2 available for inspection by an independent auditor of an internationally recognized auditing firm during Licensee's standard business hours. Such audit shall be for the purpose of ensuring Licensee's compliance with its payment obligations hereunder only.

Except for a breach of Section 11 ("Confidentiality"), and without limiting a Party's indemnification obligations hereunder, in no event shall either Party be liable to the other Party in any manner for any special, non- compensatory, consequential, indirect, incidental, statutory or punitive damages of any kind, including lost profits and lost revenue, regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort, product liability or otherwise, even if informed of or aware of the possibility of any such damages in advance, except to the extent that such limitation of liability is contrary to the Applicable Law or any such special, non-compensatory, consequential, indirect, incidental, statutory or punitive damages have been awarded to a Third Party under a Third Party Claim.

Except for a breach of Section 11 ("Confidentiality"), and without limiting a Party's indemnification obligations hereunder, in no event shall either Party be liable to the other Party in any manner for any special, non- compensatory, consequential, indirect, incidental, statutory or punitive damages of any kind, including lost profits and lost revenue, regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort, product liability or otherwise, even if informed of or aware of the possibility of any such damages in advance, except to the extent that such limitation of liability is contrary to the Applicable Law or any such special, non-compensatory, consequential, indirect, incidental, statutory or punitive damages have been awarded to a Third Party under a Third Party Claim.

Bioeq may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Licensee, if Licensee or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees directly or indirectly challenge the validity or enforceability of, or oppose any extension of or the grant of a supplementary protection certificate with respect to, any Licensed Patent in any legal, court, administrative or other governmental proceeding.

RESELLER AGREEMENT

Diversinet Corp.

2205925 Ontario Limited

Reseller

Diversinet

January 11, 2011

January 11, 2011

The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner  terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.

Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for  consecutive one (1) year periods, unless terminated by Reseller within sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or any renewal term,  as the case may be (the Initial Term and each renewal term, collectively, the "Term").

Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for  consecutive one (1) year periods, unless terminated by Reseller within sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or any renewal term,  as the case may be (the Initial Term and each renewal term, collectively, the "Term").

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the province of Ontario, Canada, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

Subject to payment of the Annual Minimum Commitment ("AMC"  - defined herein), Diversinet hereby grants to Reseller an exclusive, non- transferable and non-assignable right to market, sell, and sub-license those Diversinet products listed in Schedule 2 (the "Products") within the  territory listed in Schedule 3 (the "Territory") to Canadian headquartered companies, and governmental and broader public sector entities located  in Canada.

Subject to payment of the Annual Minimum Commitment ("AMC"  - defined herein), Diversinet hereby grants to Reseller an exclusive, non- transferable and non-assignable right to market, sell, and sub-license those Diversinet products listed in Schedule 2 (the "Products") within the  territory listed in Schedule 3 (the "Territory") to Canadian headquartered companies, and governmental and broader public sector entities located  in Canada.

During the Term, the Reseller agrees that it shall not induce any person employed by Diversinet to leave Diversinet's employ to become an  employee of Reseller or its agents or contractors.

After the first year and upon 180 days written notice, Reseller may terminate the AMC.

Reseller acknowledges and agrees that it does not have the right to assign sub-resellers under this Agreement  outside of the Territory, except with the prior written consent of Diversinet.

Assignment  Without the express prior written consent of Diversinet (not to be unreasonably refused), Reseller may not assign this Agreement or its interest  herein in whole or in part but Reseller shall continue to be responsible should the assignee fail to perform. Diversinet may assign this Agreement at  any time and in such event, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as if the assignee were named as the licensor in the first instance  but Diversinet shall continue to be responsible should the assignee fail to perform.

Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Agreement, Licensor shall not subcontract or assign any of the Services that may  require access to or the downloading or other use of Personal Information except with the prior written consent of Licensee or as required to  be disclosed by a governmental agency or third party as expressly required by operation of law, regulation or court order.

During the Term of the Agreement, Reseller shall pay to Diversinet  an Annual Minimum Commitment, payable as follows:    a) A total of four hundred thousand ($400,000) dollars shall be paid by Reseller to Diversinet as of the Effective Date.  b) A total of seven hundred thousand ($700,000) dollars shall be paid by Reseller in quarterly instalments of $175,000 to Diversinet on each of  December 1, 2011, March 1, 2012, June 1, 2012 and September 1, 2012.  c) A total of one million ($1,000,000) dollars shall be paid by Reseller in quarterly instalments of $250,000 to Diversinet on each of December 1,  2012, March 1, 2013, June 1, 2013 and September 1, 2013.  d) A total of one million three hundred thousand ($1,300,000) dollars shall be paid by Reseller in quarterly instalments of $325,000 to Diversinet  on each of December 1, 2013, March 1, 2014, June 1, 2014 and September 1, 2014.  e) A total of one million six hundred thousand ($1,600,000) dollars shall be paid by Reseller in quarterly instalments of $400,000 to Diversinet on  each of December 1, 2014, March 1, 2015, June 1, 2015 and September 1, 2015.

Either Party may terminate this Agreement:

Any annual renewal would be subject to the payment, if  applicable, of the AMC as agreed to by the parties, however such AMC will not be less than the previous year AMC times 115%, payable in  applicable quarterly instalments.

(iii) upon providing thirty (30) days' written notice to Reseller if Reseller terminates the provisions of the Annual Minimum Commitment  and fails to meet the sales targets as set out in Schedule 3.

Diversinet will arrange for the initial personal technical and sales instruction of up to three (3) Reseller personnel for up to five (5) days in  learning the functions, installation, integration, operation and maintenance of the Products.

In addition, Diversinet hereby grants to Reseller the right to use those Diversinet trademarks and copyrighted materials with respect to the  Products solely for the purpose of marketing and distribution of the Products as authorized hereunder.

Subject to payment of the Annual Minimum Commitment ("AMC"  - defined herein), Diversinet hereby grants to Reseller an exclusive, non- transferable and non-assignable right to market, sell, and sub-license those Diversinet products listed in Schedule 2 (the "Products") within the  territory listed in Schedule 3 (the "Territory") to Canadian headquartered companies, and governmental and broader public sector entities located  in Canada.

the Customer is granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-assignable right to use the Products solely for their intended use;

Subject to payment of the Annual Minimum Commitment ("AMC"  - defined herein), Diversinet hereby grants to Reseller an exclusive, non- transferable and non-assignable right to market, sell, and sub-license those Diversinet products listed in Schedule 2 (the "Products") within the  territory listed in Schedule 3 (the "Territory") to Canadian headquartered companies, and governmental and broader public sector entities located  in Canada.

Diversinet shall, at least annually, deposit the source code in the escrow account. Costs associated with the  escrow agreement shall be borne by Reseller.

The Parties agree to execute an escrow agreement, within 90 days of the Effective Date, with a nationally recognized escrow agent with respect to  the source code for the Products and name Reseller as a beneficiary.

The escrow agreement shall provide, among other terms, that the source code shall be released to Reseller if any of the following events  (collectively the "Release Conditions") occurs:    (i) Diversinet ceases to support services at levels as stated in Schedule 5 under this Agreement that is not remedied within  sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice of such failure;   (ii) Diversinet makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or becomes subject to direct control of a trustee, receiver or  similar authority, or Diversinet becomes subject to any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding under federal or state  statutes; or  (iii) Diversinet suspends or ceases to carry on its business and a receiver, trustee or assignee does not carry on the  business.

Termination under Subsection 4(a) shall trigger a phase-out period during which Reseller may continue to provide products and  services to Customers.

After AMC termination, Reseller shall generate at least the following amount of new sales of the Products in each contract year (for the purpose of  this Schedule 3, a contract year shall be each 12-month period commencing after the termination by Reseller of the AMC).

During the Term and for seven (7) years after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, or such longer period as required by applicable law,  Reseller agrees to maintain complete books, records and accounts relevant to the computation of and accounting for the amounts payable under  this Agreement.

If such examination reveals  a deficiency in any amounts paid, Reseller agrees to pay any such deficiency forthwith upon demand, plus interest calculated in accordance with  Section (Late Charges and Taxes) above and, if in excess of 5%, the cost of the audit incurred by Diversinet.

In addition to any other rights of inspection, review and audit Licensee may have, Licensee or a person appointed by Licensee may, at any  reasonable time, on reasonable notice to Licensor, at Licensee's sole cost and expense, enter any location from or in which Licensor has  accessed, used or downloaded Personal Information to inspect, review and audit the equipment, systems (including without limitation security  systems), documents, processes and practices that are used in connection with the provision of the Services for the purpose of assessing  Licensor's compliance with this Privacy Exhibit. Licensor shall provide all reasonable assistance to Licensee in relation to any such  inspection, review and audit.

Reseller agrees to allow Diversinet or its agents and representatives the right to examine and audit such books, records and  accounts during Reseller's normal business hours for no more than once per calendar quarter upon reasonable notice.

EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT DIRECT FORESEEABLE DAMAGES, IN NO EVENT SHALL DIVERSINET BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT,  SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR  LOSSES) AS A RESULT OF THE USE, SALE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE BUNDLED PRODUCT, WHETHER BY WAY OF A LEGAL  THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER THEORY,  EVEN IF DIVERSINET HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

The limitations set forth in Section 15(a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) shall not apply in respect of (i) breach of confidentiality obligations; (ii) breach  of privacy provisions as detailed in Schedule 6; (iii) the intellectual property indemnity; (iv) any Abandonment committed by Diversinet; or  (v) any willful gross misconduct (including fraud). "Abandonment" means Diversinet's cessation or suspension of, or refusal to perform, its  obligations under this Agreement, and such cessation, suspension or refusal (i) was knowingly intended by Diversinet to cause harm to  Reseller, and (ii) was not the result of a termination of this Agreement by Diversinet in accordance with Section 4 (Termination).

EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT DIRECT FORESEEABLE DAMAGES, IN NO EVENT SHALL DIVERSINET BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT,  SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR  LOSSES) AS A RESULT OF THE USE, SALE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE BUNDLED PRODUCT, WHETHER BY WAY OF A LEGAL  THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER THEORY,  EVEN IF DIVERSINET HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

No action against Diversinet  regardless of form, including negligence, arising out of any claimed breach of this Agreement or transactions under this Agreement may be  brought by Reseller more than two years after the cause of action has accrued.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE ABOVE, IN NO EVENT SHALL DIVERSINET'S LIABILITY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (OR THE  BUNDLED PRODUCT) EXCEED ONE HUNDRED PERCENT (100%) OF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF THE LICENSE FEES, ROYALTIES  AND SUPPORT FEES PAID BY RESELLER IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT OR CIRCUMSTANCE  GIVING RISE TO THE ALLEGED LIABILITY ON THE PART OF DIVERSINET.

With respect to the Operation  Warranty, Reseller's sole remedy, and Diversinet's sole obligation, shall be to cause the Product to operate substantially in accordance with  its documentation in a timely manner.

THE FOREGOING STATES OUT THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF DIVERSINET, AND THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF  RESELLER AND END-USER, WITH RESPECT TO THE INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS BY THE  PRODUCTS.

TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT

The Licensor and the Licensee are sometimes referred to herein separately as a "party" and collectively as the "parties."

NMF Senior Loan Fund I, Inc.

the "Licensee"

New Mountain Capital, L.L.C.

the "Licensor"

[], 2019

[], 2019

The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law rules.

(ii) upon sixty (60) days' written notice by the Licensor to the Licensee or (b) by the Licensee

(ii) upon sixty (60) days' written notice by the Licensee to the Licensor.

This Agreement shall be terminable (a) by the Licensor

(b) by the Licensee (i) at any time in the event such Licensee assigns or attempts to assign or sublicense this Agreement or any of the Licensee's rights or duties hereunder without the prior written consent of the Licensor

sole and absolute discretion.

Any purported transfer or other encumbrance without such consent shall be void ab initio.

This Agreement shall be terminable

The Licensee shall not sublicense, assign, pledge or grant as security or otherwise encumber or transfer to any third party all or any part of its rights or duties under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent from the Licensor, which consent the Licensor may grant or withhold in its

The Licensee hereby assigns and agrees to assign any rights it may have as a result of its licensed use, including common law rights, in the Licensed Mark, to Licensor.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee, and the Licensee hereby accepts from the Licensor, a personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the Licensed Mark in the Territory solely and exclusively as a component of the Licensee's own company name and in connection with the Licensed Services and any business provided in conjunction therewith by such Licensee.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee, and the Licensee hereby accepts from the Licensor, a personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the Licensed Mark in the Territory solely and exclusively as a component of the Licensee's own company name and in connection with the Licensed Services and any business provided in conjunction therewith by such Licensee.

For twenty-four (24) months following termination of this Agreement, the Licensee shall specify on all public- facing materials in a prominent place and in prominent typeface that the Licensee is no longer operating under the Licensed Mark, is no longer associated with the Licensor, or such other notice as may be deemed necessary by the Licensor in its sole discretion in its prosecution, defense, and/or settlement of any Third Party Claim.

The Licensee shall not otherwise contest, dispute, or challenge the Licensor's right, title, and interest in and to the Licensed Mark.

The parties agree that the Investment Advisor shall be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement, and shall have the rights and protections provided to the Licensee under this Agreement.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

Gateway Global Fabrication Ltd.

Gateway

Petro data Management Services Limited.

KALLO Inc

KALLO

PDMS

24 OCT 2011

24 OCT 2011

This Agreement shall enter into effect on the date it is signed by both parties as shown below.

The laws of the province of Ontario, Canada, govern this AGREEMENT and,  in respect of any dispute, which may arise hereunder; Agent consents to the jurisdiction of the federal and provincial  courts of Ontario, Canada.

Agent may not offer or promote competitive products without the consent of Kallo.

Exclusivity is granted for the region of Nigeria,

Agent's appointment shall be exclusive for the Kallo Mobile care suite of  products and services marked in Schedule A to this Agreement.

Kallo shall not allow another Agent to solicit the existing Agents book of business  unless it is understood by all parties the end user client desires the transfer.

Each party agrees  that it will use all reasonable commercial efforts to prevent its employees from making any Disparaging  Communications regarding the other party and/or the other party's products, services, officers, directors,  shareholders, employees or investors; provided, however, that nothing in this Section (11), subparagraph (j) shall  restrict or impede the exercise of any rights or remedies of a Party under this Agreement.

representation of fact, which has the effect or tendency to, or could have the effect or tendency to, disparage,  denigrate, criticize or otherwise reflect negatively on the other party and/or the other party's products, services,  officers, directors, shareholders, employees or investors (a "Disparaging Communication").

During the term hereof and for a period of two years thereafter, each of Agent and Kallo  agrees that it will refrain from making any representation, statement, comment or any other form of communication,  whether written or oral (hereinafter collectively referred to as a "Communication"), to any third party, including but  not limited to the principals, customers, suppliers and competitors of the other party, which Communication reflects  any opinion, judgment, observation or

In the event Agent changes its legal  structure or undergoes a substantial change in ownership of its stock or other ownership interest, Kallo shall have the  option of immediate termination of this Agreement.

This Agreement is not assignable by Agent without prior written consent by Kallo.

If at any time Agent acquires any rights in, or any registration or application for, any of the Trademarks by  operation of law or otherwise, it will immediately, upon request by Kallo and at no expense to Kallo, assign such  rights, registrations, or applications to Kallo, along with any and all associated goodwill.

Kallo grants Agent the right to use the Trademarks solely for the purpose of distributing and marketing the  Kallo Mobile care suite of products provided that Agent:  i.uses the appropriate Trademarks for the corresponding Kallo Mobile care suite of products;  ii.Identifies all Trademarks are registered trademarks of Kallo;  iii.take reasonable steps to modify all objectionable uses of the Trademarks.

Kallo grants to Agent the non-exclusive and non-transferable right to distribute the use of the Kallo Mobile  care suite of products to commercial end user customers.

Kallo grants to Agent the non-exclusive and non-transferable right to distribute the use of the Kallo Mobile  care suite of products to commercial end user customers.

Agent shall supply to Kallo the full business data of each customer as a qualified prospect and at the time  of sale and shall, during this Agreement and while it is still responsible for its

Book of Business, and for a period of one year after the termination of this Agreement maintain records  sufficient for Kallo to verify amounts due under this Agreement relating to the contracts, invoices, accounts,  complaints, and other transactions relating to the placement and licensing of the Kallo Mobile care suite of  products.

Kallo may directly, or through its Agent at any time during normal business hours, upon no less than 10  business days' notice, and for any reason inspect such records and other financial information relevant to Kallo  Mobile care suite of products as sold by Agent to its end users, solely for the purpose of verifying amounts due  under this Agreement.

Kallo shall permit Agent or its  designated Agent(s) to inspect Kallo's books upon Agent's request at Agent's expense during normal business hours  of Kallo.

Kallo's cumulative liability under this agreement, including any cause of action in contract, tort or strict liability, shall  be limited to the license fees paid by agent during the 12 months prior to such event.

In no event shall Kallo be liable for indirect, consequential, or incidental damages (including damages for loss of  business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, and the like) arising out of the relationship  between Kallo and Agent even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

Supply of drugs/medications and spare parts during and after the warranty period.

Agent or its successors shall maintain during the term of this Agreement and while it is still responsible  for its Book of Business:  i.All required workers' compensation or similar insurance;  ii.Comprehensive general liability insurance.

Kallo shall maintain comprehensive general liability and errors and omissions insurance for the  Kallo Mobile care suite of products.

Agent agrees that it shall take no action inconsistent with Kallo ownership of the  Trademarks and agrees not to challenge Kallo's rights in or attempt to register any of the Trademarks, or any other  name or mark owned or used by Kallo or any mark confusingly similar thereto.

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

Licensor

MOSSIMO, INC.

DAVID DUVAL ENTERPRISES, INC.

Company

1st day of January, 2000

"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on                   January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless                   terminated sooner as provided herein.

"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on                   January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless                   terminated sooner as provided herein.

This agreement shall be governed by, and its provisions enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to its principals of conflicts of laws.

Licensor agrees not to grant the right to use the Duval Identification to anyone other than Company in connection with the advertisement and promotion of Products.

In the event of the merger or consolidation of Company with any other entity, Licensor shall have the right to terminate the Contract Period by so notifying Company in writing within sixty (60) days following Licensor's receipt of notice of such merger or consolidation.

The rights granted Company hereunder are personal to it, shall be used only by it or its affiliate and shall not without the prior written consent of Licensor be transferred or assigned to any other party.

In the event Duval does not meet                   the Minimum Annual Performance Requirements for a Contract                   Year, $375,000 of the Additional License Fee will be deemed to                   be unearned.

Licensor agrees that Duval must achieve and maintain Exempt                   Status on the PGA Tour throughout each Contract Year and must                   participate as a player in a minimum of fifteen (15) official                   PGA Tour events each Contract Year (Minimum Annual Performance                   Requirements).

In the event that, prior to commencement of the Contract Period, Company has filed one or more applications for registration of any such trademark, or otherwise has obtained any rights to such trademark, Company agrees to cause such applications and/or trademarks to be assigned and transferred to Licensor forthwith.

It is understood that Company may not use the Duval Identification in connection with any items for sale or resale, other than Company Products as specified herein.

In consideration of the remuneration to be paid to Licensor pursuant hereto, Licensor grants to Company the right and license during the Contract Period to use the Duval Identification solely in connection with the advertisement and promotion of Company's Products within the Contract Territory as set forth herein.

In no event will Licensor be liable for any indirect, incidental, reliance, special or consequential damages arising out of the performance or non-performance of this Agreement, whether or not Licensor had been advised of the possibility of such damages.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event Company incurs any expenses, damages or other liabilities (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) in connection with the performance or non-performance of any term or provision hereof, Licensor's liability to Company shall not exceed the remuneration, excluding reimbursement of expenses, actually paid to Licensor by Company.

Any unearned Additional License Fee is fully                 &bbsp; refundable and due Company no later then January 31st of the                   following year.

In the event Duval does not meet                   the Minimum Annual Performance Requirements for a Contract                   Year, $375,000 of the Additional License Fee will be deemed to                   be unearned.

In the event the Company terminates the                   Agreement in accordance with Section 16, any unearned                   Additional License Fee will be fully refundable and due the                   Company as set forth in Section 16.

Such insurance policy shall provide that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify such policy or remove Duval as an additional named insured without prior written notice to Duval at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof.

Company shall provide and maintain, at its own expense, commercial general liability insurance and advertising injury coverage, with limits of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00), and shall cause such policy to be endorsed to state that Duval is an additional named insured thereunder.

Company agrees to provide and maintain, at its own expense, general commercial and product liability insurance with limits no less than Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) and naming Licensor and Duval as additional named insureds.

A certificate of insurance evidencing such coverage shall be furnished to Duval within thirty (30) days of the full execution of this Agreement.

Within thirty (30) days from the date hereof, Company will submit to Licensor evidence of such policy, requiring that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify such without written notice to Licensor at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof.

It is understood that Duval is not a party hereto and has no liability hereunder but is an intended specific third party creditor beneficiary hereof.

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

FEDERATED ADVISORY SERVICES COMPANY

FEDERATED INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY

FASC

Adviser

March 30, 2009

March 30, 2009

This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

(each a "Party," together, the "Parties").

("Dassault Systemes") and/or certain affiliates of Dassault Systemes,

PlanetCAD

PlanetCAD Inc. (formerly known as Spatial Technology Inc.)

Dassault Systemes

November 14, 2000

November 14, 2000

This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier

The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one year additional terms unless terminated by either party at least six months prior to the expiration of the then-current term.

The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one year additional terms unless terminated by either party at least six months prior to the expiration of the then-current term.

state.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within that

Except as contemplated under this Agreement, during the two year period following the Effective Date, Dassault Systemes shall not commercially offer any web service, which is (i) based upon the ACIS-based software transferred to Dassault Systemes in

connection with the Purchase Agreement and (ii) similar to the Co-Branded Service.

During the Term of this Agreement, and for a period of one year thereafter, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, PlanetCAD shall not market any services to Customers without the prior written approval of Dassault Systemes.

During the Term of this Agreement, PlanetCAD shall be permitted to market new functions and services relating to the Co-Branded Service directly to Dassault Systemes Customers with Dassault Systemes prior written approval, but only to the extent such functions and services are offered by PlanetCAD on the PlanetCAD Web site(s).

In the event there is a change of Control of an Affiliate which terminates its status as an Affiliate of the party to this Agreement, and this Agreement has been assigned to such an Affiliate, this Agreement must be assigned back to the party within 6 months of the effective date of the change of Control.

This Agreement may be assigned or otherwise transferred, by operation of law or otherwise without the express written consent of PlanetCAD and Dassault Systemes, but in such event the assigning Party shall give notice to the non-assigning Party and the non-assigning Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement within the 30-day period following receipt of such notice.

Either party may assign or otherwise transfer all or part of this Agreement to any of its Affiliates, and for as long as it remains an Affiliate; provided that no such assignment shall relieve a party of any of its obligations under this Agreement.

In the event that Dassault Systemes opts to host the                         Co-Branded Service pursuant to Section 4.7  [Change of Hosting] herein they                         shall become the Billing Party and all Net Revenue                         derived from sales of the Co-Branded Service shall be                         apportioned [***] percent ([***]%) to Dassault Systems                         and [***] percent ([***]%) to PlanetCAD.

As financial consideration under this Agreement, Net Revenue will be shared by the parties as follows:

                 (a)   For so long as PlanetCAD hosts the Co-Branded Service,                         during which time PlanetCAD shall be the Billing Party,                         all Net Revenue derived from sales of the Co-Branded                         Service to Dassault Systemes Customers shall be                         apportioned [***] percent ([***]%) to Dassault Systems                         and [***] percent ([***]%) to PlanetCAD.

The revenue sharing obligations set forth in Section 5.4  [Share of Net Revenue] shall be subject to re-negotiation at the end of the Initial Term.

The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that any and all rights to Know-How developed or shared under this Agreement by either party shall be jointly owned by the parties and may be used by either party in the operation of their respective businesses during and following termination of this Agreement.

obligations under this Agreement.

PlanetCAD hereby grants to Dassault Systemes a fully-paid, non-exclusive, worldwide, revocable limited license to the Server Software and Infrastructure for the sole purpose of (i) hosting the Co-Branded Service and (ii) fulfilling its

On or before the Launch Date, each party shall grant the other party a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable right to use their approved Marks, for the sole purpose of advertising, marketing, promotion and sale of the Co-Branded Service.

On or before the Launch Date, each party shall grant the other party a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable right to use their approved Marks, for the sole purpose of advertising, marketing, promotion and sale of the Co-Branded Service.

Any audit conducted pursuant to this Section 5.7  [Records -] shall not be conducted in such a manner as to unreasonably interfere with the Non-Billing Party's operations and in no event shall an audit be conducted more frequently than once each year.

During such two-year period, and upon reasonable notice to the Billing Party, the Non-Billing Party shall have the right to have an audit conducted through a licensed independent accounting firm, of any billings, collections, and taxes on such itemized statement, and to examine the records and books of account of the Billing Party in connection therewith.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING FROM SECTION 9.3  [Intellectual Property Infringement], IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES, OR EXPENSES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF GOODWILL, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING FROM SECTION 9.3  [Intellectual Property Infringement], IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR AN AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE AMOUNT THAT SUCH PARTY HAS EARNED PURSUANT TO THE REVENUE SHARING PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5.4  [Share of Net Revenue] IN THE TWELVE MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE CLAIM.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING FROM SECTION 9.3  [Intellectual Property Infringement], IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES, OR EXPENSES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF GOODWILL, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING FROM SECTION 9.3  [Intellectual Property Infringement], IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR AN AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE AMOUNT THAT SUCH PARTY HAS EARNED PURSUANT TO THE REVENUE SHARING PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5.4  [Share of Net Revenue] IN THE TWELVE MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE CLAIM.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

GRC

HOCHSCHILD MINING HOLDINGS LIMITED

HOC

GOLD RESOURCE CORPORATION

the Company

5th day of December 2008.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York and the laws of the United States applicable therein.

The Company shall immediately inform HOC and provide HOC with a copy of any other standstill provisions in any agreement pertaining to the matters set forth in this Article 6, entered into by the Company with another person subsequent to the date hereof, and notwithstanding delivery of such notice and a copy of any such provisions, HOC shall have the full benefit of any materially more favourable terms, in the opinion of HOC, contained in such standstill and Section 6.1 shall be deemed to be amended accordingly.

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.2, if the Company determines to solicit additional equity financing subsequent to exercise of the Option but prior to Commencement of Production (hereinafter defined) at the El Aguila project, it shall provide written notice to that effect to HOC and HOC shall be entitled to exclusively provide such financing upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

Closing of the subscription, purchase and sale shall be at such place and time as the Parties agree but not more than ten (10) days from delivery of the Financing Election.

If the Company truncates the period during which the HOC JV Acceptance Notice is required to be returned by HOC, it shall include in the Joint Venture Proposal Notice a statement certified by an officer of the Company that the Company has determined that it is necessary to truncate such period to avoid losing the opportunity to make such acquisition or other related transaction and that it has used commercially reasonable efforts to avoid truncating such period.

Following delivery of the Acceptance Notice, if any, the HOC Entities shall pay for, and the Company shall issue to the relevant HOC Entities, free and clear of any liens, the number of Additional Securities specified in the Acceptance Notice and, except as otherwise agreed, the Company shall provide HOC with substantially the same closing documents, including opinions, if applicable, as are delivered to the other persons subscribing for Additional Securities on the closing date for such issuance.

In the event HOC fails to provide the Financing Election as set forth above, the Company shall be free to obtain such financing from one or more additional parties, free of any obligation to HOC.

If HOC delivers the Financing Election, the purchase price for each share shall be equal to eighty percent (80%) of the average closing price of the Shares during the thirty (30) calendar days preceding the date HOC delivers the Financing Election

If HOC fails to deliver the Option Exercise Notice on or before the Option Expiration Date, HOC shall be deemed to have waived its rights under this Section 2.1.

Closing of the purchase and sale of the Additional Shares shall take place within ten (10) business days of the delivery of the Option Exercise Notice, such date being referred to as the "Subsequent Closing Date".

The Rights Notice shall specify sufficient information regarding the particulars of the issuance or sale of the Additional Securities to allow HOC to make a reasoned decision in respect of making the investment, including to the extent any such terms are determinable at such time: (i) the total number of equity securities outstanding as of the date thereof; (ii) the total number of Additional Securities which are being offered; (iii) the rights, privileges, restrictions, terms and conditions of such Additional Securities; (iv) the amount payable by HOC for the Additional Securities to which it is entitled pursuant to Section 4.1(a); and (v) the proposed closing date, and thereafter, to the extent it is not included in the Rights Notice, the Company shall immediately provide notice to HOC of such information as it is determined.

If HOC wishes to exercise the Option, it shall give written notice to the Company (the "Option Exercise Notice") prior to the Option Expiration Date in the manner set forth in Section 12.1 of this Agreement.

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.2, if the Company determines to solicit additional equity financing subsequent to exercise of the Option but prior to Commencement of Production (hereinafter defined) at the El Aguila project, it shall provide written notice to that effect to HOC and HOC shall be entitled to exclusively provide such financing upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

If any of HOC Entities provides the Company an acceptance (the "HOC JV Acceptance Notice") in writing in respect of the Joint Venture Proposal Notice, within fifteen (15) Business Days of receipt thereof or such shorter period as may be specified in the Joint Venture Proposal Notice of a determination in respect of the Proposed Joint Venture, the Company shall negotiate exclusively in good faith with HOC to finalize terms of the Proposed Joint Venture acceptable to each of the Parties, acting reasonably, within a period of sixty days or such additional period as the Parties may from time to time agree in writing (the "JV Negotiation Period"), failing which the Company shall be entitled to pursue other partners for the Proposed Joint Venture.

If HOC, acting reasonably, determines that the Joint Venture Proposal Notice contains insufficient information to make a reasoned decision in respect of participating in the Proposed Joint Venture, it shall notify the Company of the information required to make such decision and thereafter shall have the greater of (i) five (5) Business Days from the receipt of such information from the Company, and (ii) the days remaining in the period specified in Section 6.2 to make such decision and deliver or refrain from delivering the HOC JV Acceptance Notice in accordance with such Section 6.2.

If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries decides to seek a joint venture partner to develop, acquire or otherwise earn an interest in any Properties including the Existing Properties, in circumstances where the Company's participation in such joint venture is not dependent on the participation of a particular third party as joint venture partner (such as in the case of an earn-in) (each a "Proposed Joint Venture"), the Company shall immediately provide notice to HOC (the "Joint Venture Proposal Notice") specifying sufficient information regarding the particulars of the Proposed Joint Venture to allow HOC to make a reasoned decision in respect of participating in the Proposed Joint Venture, including to the extent any such terms are determinable at such time: (A) a description of the Property in respect of which the Proposed Joint Venture relates, and (B) the terms, including the purchase price, for the Proposed Joint Venture, and if applicable, a true copy of any related term sheet setting forth such terms.

HOC shall give notice (an "Acceptance Notice") to the Company not later than 5:00 p.m. (Denver time) on the tenth business day following the deemed receipt of any Rights Notice given under paragraph 4.1(c) setting out the number of Additional Securities, if any, which any of HOC Entities intends to subscribe for and purchase and, if applicable, the name and address of HOC Entity whose name in which such securities should be registered, provided that if HOC, acting reasonably, determines that it has insufficient information to make such investment decision, HOC shall notify the Company of the information required to make such investment decision and thereafter shall have the longer of (i) the remainder of the ten (10) Business Days set out in the first sentence of this paragraph; or (ii) two (2) Business Days from the receipt of such additional information to make the investment decision and deliver or refrain from delivering the Acceptance Notice. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Rights Notice shall be deemed to include sufficient information to make such investment decision if it includes the information specified in items (i) to (iv) of Section 4.1(d). If no Acceptance Notice has been provided to the Company within the required time, HOC will be deemed to have elected not to subscribe for or purchase any such Additional Securities.

If the Company intends to authorize and/or issue equity securities that give rise to the rights of HOC pursuant to Section 4.1(a), the Company shall provide notice to HOC (the "Rights Notice") no less than ten (10) business days before the date on which the Company intends to issue equity securities giving rise to the rights of HOC in Section 4.1(a).

If the Company issues Equity Securities in circumstances that would not give rise to the rights of the HOC Entities pursuant to Section 4.1(a) (the "Non-Participating Transaction"), then in any concurrent or subsequent transaction which does give rise to the rights of the HOC Entities pursuant to Section 4.1(a) (the "Participating Transaction"), the Company shall allow the HOC Entities to subscribe for and purchase Additional Securities in an amount greater than HOC's Pro Rata Interest; provided that in the Participating Transaction, HOC shall not be entitled to purchase any more than its Pro Rata Interest of the securities sold collectively in the Non-Participating Transaction and the Participating Transaction.

From and after the Closing Date and until 5:00 pm Denver time on the date which is eighty (80) days from the Closing Date (the "Option Expiration Date"), HOC shall have the option (the "Option"), at its sole discretion, to subscribe for all, but not less than all, of an additional 4,330,000 Shares from the Company (the "Additional Shares") at a price of US$3.00 per share, or a total of US$12,990,000.

HOC shall have ten (10) Business Days from delivery of such notice in which to notify the Company that it desires to provide all of such financing (the "Financing Election")

Election. If HOC delivers the Financing Election, one or more of the HOC Entities shall pay the purchase price for, and the Company shall issue, additional Shares, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances.

If HOC does not provide HOC JV Acceptance Notice to the Company within fifteen (15) Business Days or such shorter period as may be specified in the Joint Venture Proposal Notice, of receiving of the Joint Venture Proposal Notice, the Company may enter into negotiations with any other person regarding the Proposed Joint Venture

The rights granted to HOC under this Article 4 shall terminate and be of no further force or effect if HOC does not exercise Option and complete the purchase of the Additional Shares.

Subject to the provisions of subsection (g) of this Section 4.1 and Section 8.2 hereof, if at any time after the Closing Date, the Company proposes to issue or sell Equity Securities ("Additional Securities") other than (i) under any Stock Option Plan, (ii) pursuant to the exercise of options under any Stock Option Plan, (iii) upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of any Convertible Securities, or (iv) for property other than money, the HOC Entities shall have the right to subscribe for and purchase Additional Securities, at the price at which such Additional Securities are offered for sale to other purchasers (the "Other Purchasers"), up to its Pro Rata Interest (as defined below) prior to giving effect to the issuance or sale of such Additional Securities

This Agreement may not be assigned by either party except with the prior written consent of the other parties hereto.

In the event HOC exercises the Option, the Company agrees to use not less than five million U.S. Dollars (US$5,000,000) of the proceeds from the subscription of the Purchased Shares and the Additional Shares to fund exploration activities (including but not limited to drilling, assaying and staking new claims) on the El Aguila project.

The Company shall, to the extent and for so long as HOC Entities hold at least 14.5% of the Shares on a non-diluted basis, upon HOC's request, permit representatives of the HOC Entities to have access to the site and any of the premises where the business and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are conducted and access and duplicating rights (and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause persons or firms possessing such documentation or information to give similar access and duplicating rights) to the Company and its Subsidiaries' books of account and records and such other documents, communications, items and matters, within the knowledge, possession or control of the Company, which HOC may reasonably request, at HOC's own cost (other than those it is permitted to examine and make copies of free of charge pursuant to applicable Laws) provided that, except to the extent the information can be provided in the necessary course of business of the Company, acting reasonably including to provide HOC Entities with information to assist the HOC Entities and their advisors with the preparation of the financial statements for such HOC Entities, nothing herein shall require the Company to provide HOC Entities with any information which would constitute a material fact with respect to the Company which has not been generally disclosed.

So long as HOC is entitled to nominate and maintain a director pursuant to this Article 5, the Company shall indemnify each current and former HOC Director and shall maintain director's and officer's liability insurance for the benefit of each such director, with the same rights and benefits as are accorded the directors of the Company generally.

Marketing Agreement

each of Loop and Joint Venture Company is a "Party"; together they are the "Parties"

Loop Industries, Inc.

Indorama Loop Technologies, LLC

Loop

Joint Venture Company

September __, 2018

September __, 2018

This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, without reference to conflict-of-laws principles.

Joint Venture Company shall not, and shall cause each SPV and each of their Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly, market or sell any Loop-branded Products or any Products produced using Licensed Subject Matter to any person or entity except to Authorized Customers pursuant to a Transferred Contract (the "Marketing and Sale Restriction"); provided that if at any time during the term of this Agreement, Loop has delivered Proposed Contract Notices that result in Transferred Contracts having binding purchase and supply obligations for less than [***] of the then existing actual production capacity of a Licensed Facility (taking into account Joint Venture Company's reasonable forecasts based on customer requirements, seasonal variations, and other factors) in the subsequent three months (the "[***]"), Joint Venture Company may market and solicit orders for Licensed Products produced in such Licensed Facility directly to customers and potential customers and enter into supply contracts for the sale of Loop-branded Products or any Products produced using Licensed Subject Matter produced in such Licensed Facility with customers without being restricted by the Marketing and Sale Restriction.

Joint Venture Company shall not, and shall cause each SPV and each of their Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly, market or sell any Loop-branded Products or any Products produced using Licensed Subject Matter to any person or entity except to Authorized Customers pursuant to a Transferred Contract (the "Marketing and Sale Restriction"); provided that if at any time during the term of this Agreement, Loop has delivered Proposed Contract Notices that result in Transferred Contracts having binding purchase and supply obligations for less than [***] of the then existing actual production capacity of a Licensed Facility (taking into account Joint Venture Company's reasonable forecasts based on customer requirements, seasonal variations, and other factors) in the subsequent three months (the "[***]"), Joint Venture Company may market and solicit orders for Licensed Products produced in such Licensed Facility directly to customers and potential customers and enter into supply contracts for the sale of Loop-branded Products or any Products produced using Licensed Subject Matter produced in such Licensed Facility with customers without being restricted by the Marketing and Sale Restriction.

This Assignment shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the Parties and their respective successors and assigns, but, except as provided in Section 3 above, neither Party may assign this Assignment without the prior written consent of the other Party.

This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the Parties and their respective successors and assigns, but neither Party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other except to a person into which it has merged or who has otherwise succeeded to all or substantially all of the business and assets of the assignor, and who has assumed in writing or by operation of law its obligations under this Agreement.

Joint Venture Company shall not, and shall cause each SPV and each of their Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly, market or sell any Loop-branded Products or any Products produced using Licensed Subject Matter to any person or entity except to Authorized Customers pursuant to a Transferred Contract (the "Marketing and Sale Restriction"); provided that if at any time during the term of this Agreement, Loop has delivered Proposed Contract Notices that result in Transferred Contracts having binding purchase and supply obligations for less than [***] of the then existing actual production capacity of a Licensed Facility (taking into account Joint Venture Company's reasonable forecasts based on customer requirements, seasonal variations, and other factors) in the subsequent three months (the "[***]"), Joint Venture Company may market and solicit orders for Licensed Products produced in such Licensed Facility directly to customers and potential customers and enter into supply contracts for the sale of Loop-branded Products or any Products produced using Licensed Subject Matter produced in such Licensed Facility with customers without being restricted by the Marketing and Sale Restriction.

The Assignor hereby assigns, transfers, and conveys to and in favor of the Assignee all of the Assignor's right, title, and interest in, to, and under the Transferred Contract, together with its related rights, warranties, remedies, powers, and privileges (collectively, the "Assigned Rights").

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NONE OF THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 3.1 SHALL BE AVAILABLE TO EITHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO A BREACH OF SECTION 4, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, OR FOR CLAIMS TO THE EXTENT THEY ARISE OUT OF A PARTY'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, FRAUD, OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT.

JOINT VENTURE COMPANY'S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO THE LOOP PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO A TRANSFERRED CONTRACT, IN ALL CIRCUMSTANCES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF RECOVERY, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF ACTUAL, DIRECT, AND DOCUMENTED DAMAGES THE APPLICABLE AUTHORIZED CUSTOMER ACTUALLY RECOVERS FROM THE LOOP PARTIES UNDER THE TRANSFERRED CONTRACT BASED SOLELY ON JOINT VENTURE COMPANY'S BREACH OF SUCH TRANSFERRED CONTRACT.

IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, STATUTORY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.

MASTER OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

BE

DIAMOND STATE GENERATION PARTNERS, LLC

Operator

Owner

BLOOM ENERGY CORPORATION

April 13, 2012

The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.

The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW).

This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns (including by operation of law), but neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any Party, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided that either Party may collaterally assign its rights under this Agreement to any party providing debt or equity financing to such Party without the consent of the other Party.

During the Warranty Period, Operator shall determine for each full calendar month (the "Efficiency Warranty Period") within five (5) Business Days after the end of such month whether the Portfolio has performed at the Minimum Efficiency Level (the "Efficiency Warranty"); provided that the Efficiency Bank shall be utilized to the extent necessary to meet the Efficiency Warranty.

If the Minimum Efficiency Level has

During the Warranty Period, Operator shall determine (i) for each full calendar month (the "One- Month Power Performance Warranty Period") within five (5) Business Days after the end of such month and (ii) for the most recent Look Back Period (the "One-Year Power Performance Warranty Period", and, together with the One-Month Power Performance Warranty Period, each a "Power Performance Warranty Period"), whether the Bloom Systems in the Portfolio during such Power Performance Warranty Period have delivered to the Interconnection Point the Minimum kWh during such Power Performance Warranty Period (the "Power Performance Warranty").

Sample One-Month Minimum Power Product Example Calculation 2014 Assumptions Number of active Systems 150 Nameplate capacity 200kW One-Month Power Performance Warranty 85%

Minimum Power Product Analysis

Minimum Power Product 25,500kW

Sample One-Year Minimum Power Product Example Calculation 2014 Assumptions Number of active Systems 150 Nameplate capacity 200kW One-Year Power Performance Warranty 95%

One-Year Minimum Power Product Analysis

Minimum Power Product 28,500kW

If such Power Performance Warranty calculation indicates that the Actual kWh of the Bloom Systems was less than the Minimum kWh during such Power Performance Warranty Period, then Operator shall so notify Owner in writing of the basis of its determination and Owner may make a claim under Section 2.5.

not been met during such Efficiency Warranty Period, then Operator shall so notify Owner in writing of the basis of its determination and Owner may make a claim under Section 2.5.

Operator grants to Owner the limited right to use any Training Materials which are provided under this Agreement, and Owner agrees that upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Owner shall return all Training Materials, including any copies, to Operator.

Throughout the Term, and thereafter to the extent relevant to calculations necessary for periods prior to the end of the Term and subject to any confidentiality obligation owed to any third party and/or any restrictions on the disclosure of information which may be subject to intellectual property rights restricting disclosure:

(a) Owner shall grant Operator access to all data relating to the electricity production of each Bloom System, it being understood that it is Operator's responsibility to determine the performance of the Bloom System, and any other calculations as required under this Agreement, and that it is Owner's responsibility to handle all accounting and invoicing activities; and

(b) Owner shall allow Operator access to all data from all Facility Meters.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement and in furtherance of continuing qualification under the QFCP-RC Tariff, in the event of the early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 4 hereof, BE and Operator agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with Owner to facilitate Owner

entering into a new agreement with a third party operator governing operation and maintenance services to be provided to Owner on terms substantially similar to the terms of this Agreement, so that such replacement Operator shall be deemed a QFCP.

All such records required to be created and maintained pursuant to Section 2.12(a) shall be kept available at the Operator's office and made available for the Owner's inspection upon request at all reasonable times.

disbursements in connection therewith) that would otherwise be included in the definition of Indemnifiable Losses because they result from a reduction in the profits of Owner, Diamond State Generation Holdings, LLC, or both, and (b) losses or liabilities incurred by the officers, directors, members, managers, partners, shareholders or Affiliates of such Party (unless on behalf of Owner).

Subject always to the Maximum Liability limitations set forth in the preceding sentence, except for damages specifically provided for in this Agreement or in connection with the indemnification for damages awarded to a third party under a Third Party Claim, damages hereunder are limited to direct damages, and in no event shall a Party be liable to the other Party, and the Parties hereby waive claims, for (a) indirect, punitive, special or consequential damages or loss of profits; provided, however, that the loss of profits language set forth in this Section 7.1 shall not be interpreted to exclude from Indemnifiable Losses any claim, demand, suit, loss, liability, damage, obligation, payment, cost or expense (including the cost and expense of any action, suit, proceeding, assessment, judgment, settlement or compromise relating thereto and reasonable attorneys' fees and reasonable

provided that such limitation of liability shall not apply to any liability that is the result of (i) gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of a Party, (ii) a Third Party Claim, (iii) the failure to pay the Service Fees (which amount shall not be included in calculating Owner's Maximum Liability), (iv) a claim of Owner against BE or Operator in the event of any breach, default or misrepresentation of any representation and warranty or covenant set forth in Section 8.2(e) or (v) a claim of Owner against BE or Operator under Section 2.8.

Subject always to the Maximum Liability limitations set forth in the preceding sentence, except for damages specifically provided for in this Agreement or in connection with the indemnification for damages awarded to a third party under a Third Party Claim, damages hereunder are limited to direct damages, and in no event shall a Party be liable to the other Party, and the Parties hereby waive claims, for (a) indirect, punitive, special or consequential damages or loss of profits; provided, however, that the loss of profits language set forth in this Section 7.1 shall not be interpreted to exclude from Indemnifiable Losses any claim, demand, suit, loss, liability, damage, obligation, payment, cost or expense (including the cost and expense of any action, suit, proceeding, assessment, judgment, settlement or compromise relating thereto and reasonable attorneys' fees and reasonable

disbursements in connection therewith) that would otherwise be included in the definition of Indemnifiable Losses because they result from a reduction in the profits of Owner, Diamond State Generation Holdings, LLC, or both, and (b) losses or liabilities incurred by the officers, directors, members, managers, partners, shareholders or Affiliates of such Party (unless on behalf of Owner).

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in no event shall a Party be liable to the other Party for an aggregate amount in excess of the Maximum Liability;

If the Efficiency Bank reaches a balance of less than zero during the Warranty Period, Operator shall reimburse Owner for any Gas Payment Shortfall that Owner incurs within ten (10) days after Owner provides notice to Operator of such shortfall amount; provided that Operator's cumulative aggregate liability under this Section 2.8 plus any payments required to be made by Operator under Section 2.5(c) shall not exceed an amount equal to (i) one hundred percent (100%) of the aggregate Purchase Price of all Bloom Systems in the Portfolio during the applicable period and the purchase price under the December 30 Bill of Sale (inclusive of any amounts paid or for which a pending claim has been made for under the Gas Payment Shortfall under the MESPA), less (ii) the aggregate of all amounts paid by Operator (or claimed against Operator in the case of any claims that are pending at the time of such calculation) with respect to claims under Section 2.5(c) hereunder or Sections 8.2(b) and 8.3(c) of the MESPA.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided herein, in no event shall Operator be liable under this Agreement (including with respect to its obligations related to the Facility Service Warranty, the Power Performance Warranty or Warranty Specification) for (i) any failure of or damage to the Bloom System or (ii) any obligations on the part of Operator (including internal rate of return or other financial metrics or any obligations to deliver power to Owner or service the Bloom System) caused by or arising from (A) Owner's (as opposed to Operator or Operator's Affiliate or subcontractor acting as operator under this Agreement) failure to properly protect the Bloom Systems from vandalism or other third- party's actions or omissions, (B) Owner's (as opposed to Operator or Operator's Affiliate or subcontractor acting as operator under this Agreement) failure to use the specified input fuel; (C) Owner's (as opposed to Operator or Operator's Affiliate or subcontractor acting as operator under this Agreement) removal of any safety devices, (D) Force Majeure Events, (E) installation, operation, repair or modification of the Bloom Systems by anyone other than Operator or Operator's authorized agents or Owner's operator acting pursuant to a operating and maintenance agreement provided such operator is acting in accordance with Prudent Electrical Practices and information or materials supplied by Operator or its Affiliates, or (F) any defect in construction materials or workmanship of the BOF or any deficiency in design of the BOF by BE, provided that the exclusions in this clause (F) shall not extend to any warranty claim to the extent caused by or arising from (1) any defect in construction materials or workmanship of the BOF or (2) any deficiency in design of the BOF by BE, in each case during the period while the MESPA Section 8.2(b) Warranty is in effect.

In the case of a claim relating to the Power Performance Warranty for a One-Year Power Performance Warranty Period, upon receipt of such notice and verification that such One-Year Power Performance Warranty is applicable, Operator shall make a payment to Owner in an amount to be calculated pursuant to Section 2.6; provided that the cumulative aggregate amount of Operator's liability for all claims under this Section 2.5(c) shall not exceed [***] of the aggregate Purchase Price of all Bloom Systems in the Portfolio during the applicable period and the purchase price under the December 30 Bill of Sale (inclusive of any amounts paid or for which a pending claim has been made under the Power Performance Warranty or the Section 8.2(b) Warranty, as applicable, under the MESPA).

"Warranty Period" means, (i) for each Bloom System, the period beginning on the day following the date that the "Warranty Period" for such Bloom System under and as defined in the MESPA has expired and ending on the twenty-first (21st) anniversary of the date of Commencement of Operations for such Bloom System and (ii) for the BOF, the period beginning on the day following the date that the Section 8.2(b) Warranty for such BOF has expired and ending on the twenty-first (21st) anniversary of such starting date.

In the case of a claim relating to the Power Performance Warranty for a One-Year Power Performance Warranty Period, upon receipt of such notice and verification that such One-Year Power Performance Warranty is applicable, Operator shall make a payment to Owner in an amount to be calculated pursuant to Section 2.6; provided that the cumulative aggregate amount of Operator's liability for all claims under this Section 2.5(c) shall not exceed [***] of the aggregate Purchase Price of all Bloom Systems in the Portfolio during the applicable period and the purchase price under the December 30 Bill of Sale (inclusive of any amounts paid or for which a pending claim has been made under the Power Performance Warranty or the Section 8.2(b) Warranty, as applicable, under the MESPA).

At all times during the Term without cost to Owner, Operator shall maintain in force the following insurance, which insurance shall not be subject to cancellation, termination or other material adverse changes unless the insurer delivers to Owner

written notice of the cancellation, termination or change at least thirty (30) days in advance of the effective date of the cancellation, termination or material adverse change:

(a) Worker's Compensation Insurance as required by the laws of the state where Operator's facilities are located;

(b) Employer's liability insurance with limits not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000); and

(c) Commercial General Liability Insurance, including bodily injury and property damage liability including premises operations, contractual liability endorsements, products liability and completed operations with limits not less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000).

CO-BRANDING, MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

Audible Inc.

Amazon.com Commerce Services, Inc.

ACSI

Company

ACSI and Company are sometimes referred to collectively herein as the "Parties" and individually as a "Party."

January 30, 2000

January 30, 2000

The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.

This Agreement will be interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of Washington, without reference to its choice of Laws rules.

"ACSI Competitor" means, collectively, such persons and entities as the Parties may agree upon from time to time.  ACSI may update any agreed-upon list of ACSI Competitors no more frequently than once per quarter by written notice, provided that: (a) the number of entities specified on such list shall at no time [***]; (b) any entities added to such list must be [***]; and (c) no addition of any ACSI Competitor to such list shall require Company to breach any contractual or legal obligation to such ACSI Competitor by which Company is bound as of the date of such addition.

The Parties will issue a joint press release promptly upon concluding Advertising. this Agreement, which press release shall be subject to the Party's mutual approval, which shall in any event state that Company is the exclusive provider on the ACSI Site of premium spoken-word audio product for download or streaming over the world wide web.

During the Term, [***], ACSI will not offer or sell through the ACSI Site, or authorize any third party to sell through the ACSI Site, any Exclusive Spoken-Word Audio Products; [***].

In the event that: (a) Company at any time engages in

other behavior that is materially harming the goodwill or reputation of ACSI or its Affiliates or the ACSI Site;

the same shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement which is not susceptible to cure, and ACSI shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Company.

ACSI may assign this Agreement to (a) any corporation or other entity resulting from any merger, consolidation, or other reorganization involving ACSI, (b) any of its Affiliates, or (c) any person or entity to which it transfers all or

substantially all of its assets relating to the Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section; provided that the assignee agrees in writing to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Company may not assign or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder, whether voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of Law or otherwise, without ACSI's prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that Company may assign this Agreement to any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary in connection with any corporate reorganization undertaken for the purpose of minimizing the tax liability of Company and its Affiliates or other bona fide corporate purpose or in connection with any Change of Control [***]

In consideration for the intangible rights granted hereunder, for each Year in which the Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section (including the Mirror Company Site) generates revenue of at [***] (the "Revenue Threshold"), Company will pay ACSI a royalty equal to [***] of all revenues generated from the Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any revenue received by Company from any Company customer who first links to the Mirror Company Site from the Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section and who later accesses the Company Site directly) in excess of Revenue Threshold (the "Royalties") for each Year of the Term.

Allocation of Payments.  The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Annual Fees shall be allocated as consideration for advertising services and intangible rights granted by ACSI to Company hereunder, including the rights granted under Section 2.1  [Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section] and Section 4.2  [ACSI Site Links] and the licenses granted to Company under Section 6, as follows:

             Year                    Advertising Services             Intangible Rights ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                               1                             [***]                           [***] ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------               2                             [***]                           [***] ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------               3                             [***]                           [***] ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

During each Year of the Term following the Launch Date, ACSI (or one of its Affiliates) will deliver Amazon.com-branded e-mails and Amazon.com-branded in-product advertising materials related to the Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section to selected members of the Amazon.com customer base in at least the following quantities:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------             Year                           Email                      Product Shipment -----------------------------    --------------------------    ------------------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                        1                            [***]                            [***] ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------              2                            [***]                            [***] ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------              3                            [***]                            [***] ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable Laws, any ACSI Derivative Works or Company Derivative Works, to the extent created by or for the other Party, shall be deemed "works made for hire", and all right, title and interest therein shall vest in ACSI (in the case of ACSI Derivative Works) or Company (in the case of Company Derivative Works) immediately upon creation thereof.

To the extent that any such ACSI Derivative Works or Company Derivative Works are not "works made for hire", Company hereby assigns and agrees to assign to ACSI (or such of its Affiliates as it may designate) all right, title and interest to all ACSI Derivative Works and all associated Intellectual Property Rights, and ACSI hereby assigns and agrees to assign to Company (or such of its Affiliates as it may designate) all right, title and interest in and to all Company Derivative Works and all associated Intellectual Property Rights. Each Party shall take, at the other Party's expense, any actions (including, without limitation, execution and delivery of affidavits and other documents) reasonably requested by such other Party to effect, perfect or confirm its or its designee's ownership rights as set forth in this Section 6.1.3  [Ownership].

Derivative Works, on the one hand, and/or Company Existing Intellectual Property, Company Future Intellectual Property and/or Company Derivative Works, on the other hand; or (b) include or incorporate no ACSI Existing Intellectual Property or ACSI

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, either Party may, without any duty to account to the other (including, without limitation, any duty to pay, share or account for any royalties):

          (a) make, manufacture, assemble, produce, market, sell, distribute,      transfer, use, license and otherwise commercially and non-commercially      exploit and deal with the Joint Works; provided, that neither Party shall      seek or obtain any

"Joint Work" means any content, data, URLs, domain names, technology, software, code, user interfaces, "look and feel" or other items which are invented, created, developed or first reduced to practice jointly by the Parties after the Effective Date, are protected or protectable by any Intellectual Property Rights and either: (a) include or incorporate both ACSI Existing Intellectual Property, ACSI Future Intellectual Property and/or ACSI

Site Functionality or technology, software, code, user interfaces or "look and feel" related thereto or incorporated therein, such items shall be deemed ACSI Derivative Works in their entirety and not Joint Works or Company Intellectual Property.

To the extent that any Joint Works are created in the course of performance of this Agreement, each Party shall own a joint, equal and undivided ownership interest in and to such Joint Works and the associated Intellectual Property Rights, with no duty on the part of either Party to account to the other with respect to its use and exploitation of the same.

registration of any Intellectual Property Rights associated with the Joint      Works without the other Party's prior written consent;

          (b) make, manufacture, assemble, produce, market, sell, distribute,      transfer, use, license, seek and obtain registrations of Intellectual      Property Rights (subject to paragraph (a) above) and otherwise commercially      and non-commercially exploit and deal with Derivative Works of any Joint      Works created by or for such Party, whether or not competitive with any      items created by or for the other Party; and

          (c) authorize any third party to take any action described in (a) or      (b) above.

ACSI hereby grants to Company, during the Term, a non- exclusive, non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 11.7  [Assignment]) license, which Company may sublicense only to its Affiliates, to use the ACSI Intellectual Property supplied by ACSI to Company as is reasonably necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that Company shall not use ACSI's Trademarks, including in any advertising, without ACSI's prior written consent, unless such use conforms to a written Trademark use policy previously furnished by ACSI to Company and not subsequently modified or revoked.

Company hereby grants to ACSI, during the Term, a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 11.7  [Assignment]) license, which ACSI may sublicense only to its Affiliates, to use the Company Intellectual Property supplied by Company to ACSI as is reasonably necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that ACSI shall not use Company's Trademarks, including in any advertising, without Company's prior written consent, unless such use conforms to a written Trademark use policy previously furnished by Company to ACSI and not subsequently modified or revoked.

ACSI hereby grants to Company, during the Term, a non- exclusive, non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 11.7  [Assignment]) license, which Company may sublicense only to its Affiliates, to use the ACSI Intellectual Property supplied by ACSI to Company as is reasonably necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that Company shall not use ACSI's Trademarks, including in any advertising, without ACSI's prior written consent, unless such use conforms to a written Trademark use policy previously furnished by ACSI to Company and not subsequently modified or revoked.

Company hereby grants to ACSI, during the Term, a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 11.7  [Assignment]) license, which ACSI may sublicense only to its Affiliates, to use the Company Intellectual Property supplied by Company to ACSI as is reasonably necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that ACSI shall not use Company's Trademarks, including in any advertising, without Company's prior written consent, unless such use conforms to a written Trademark use policy previously furnished by Company to ACSI and not subsequently modified or revoked.

Upon any termination or expiration of the Term the Parties will cooperate in good faith to promote a smooth customer transition, and in any event, Company will, at ACSI's option, continue to operate the Mirror Company Site and offer Spoken-Word Audio Products through the Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section in accordance with the terms of this Agreement for a period of up to six (6) months following such termination.

The Auditing Party agrees that any information learned or disclosed by its auditor in connection with such audit is Confidential Information of the Audited Party.

accounting firm selected by the Auditing Party and reasonably acceptable to the Audited Party to audit such books and records at the Audited Party's premises to the extent necessary to verify the Audited Party's compliance or non-compliance with the provisions of this Section 9 (or, in the case of Company, Section 5.4  [Royalties]); provided, that: (a) any such audit is conducted during normal business hours and in a manner designed to not unreasonably interfere with the Audited Party's ordinary business operations; (b) audits may not occur more frequently than once every twelve (12) months; and (c) each such audit may only cover the period commencing after the period covered by the last audit conducted pursuant to this Section, if any.

Each Party (the "Audited Party') will, upon at least thirty (30) days' prior written request by the other Party (the "Auditing Party"), allow an independent certified public

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITIES UNDER SECTION 7.2  [Indemnity], NEITHER PARTY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL EXCEED [***].

EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT AWARDED TO A THIRD PARTY IN A JUDGMENT AGAINST WHICH A PARTY IS ENTITLED TO INDEMNIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 7.2  [Indemnity], OR TO THE EXTENT ARISING OUT OF ANY BREACH OF SECTION 11.4  [Nondisclosure], NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY), TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR COST OF COVER OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUE, BUSINESS OR DATA) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISEDOF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH COSTS OR DAMAGES.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITIES UNDER SECTION 7.2  [Indemnity], NEITHER PARTY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL EXCEED [***].

EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT AWARDED TO A THIRD PARTY IN A JUDGMENT AGAINST WHICH A PARTY IS ENTITLED TO INDEMNIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 7.2  [Indemnity], OR TO THE EXTENT ARISING OUT OF ANY BREACH OF SECTION 11.4  [Nondisclosure], NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY), TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR COST OF COVER OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUE, BUSINESS OR DATA) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISEDOF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH COSTS OR DAMAGES.

FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE PARTIES HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 8.2  [No Consequential Damages] IS INTENDED TO LIMIT ANY RIGHT OF ACSI TO RECEIVE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 10.5.2  [Effect of Termination].

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Company will ensure that such policies contain a waiver of subrogation against ACSI, name ACSI and its assignees as additional insureds.

Company will at its expense, prior to the Launch Date obtain, and thereafter throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months thereafter maintain, such policy or policies of insurance as is commercially reasonable for the transactions and business contemplated by this Agreement.

Upon request from ACSI, Company will furnish to ACSI certificates of insurance and such other documentation relating to such policies as ACSI may reasonably request.

Company will not modify or terminate any coverage without giving at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to ACSI.

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

AGI

Holiday RV Superstores, Inc.

(each a "Party" and collectively the "Parties").

Company

Affinity Group, Inc.

d/b/a Recreation USA

20th day of March 2002

20th day of March 2002

Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination





Date").

Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination





Date").

This Agreement has been made in the State of California and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws thereof without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.

In the event that the Company desires to terminate the Agreement prior to the Termination Date, it shall provide AGI with at least 60 days prior written notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement and this Agreement shall so terminate following the expiration of this 60-day period, without any further responsibility by either Party except as provided in Section 5.

Neither this Agreement nor the rights of either Party hereunder shall be assigned by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party.

AGI hereby grants a non-exclusive license (the "License") to the Company and its operating subsidiaries now or hereafter existing to use the Good Sam name and logo, including trademarks, trade names, or service marks as designated by AGI (the "Trademarks"), in connection with the sale of such new and used vehicles by the Company that have satisfied such criteria and standards as are established from time to time by AGI (the "Approved Use").

AGI hereby grants a non-exclusive license (the "License") to the Company and its operating subsidiaries now or hereafter existing to use the Good Sam name and logo, including trademarks, trade names, or service marks as designated by AGI (the "Trademarks"), in connection with the sale of such new and used vehicles by the Company that have satisfied such criteria and standards as are established from time to time by AGI (the "Approved Use").

In the event of such withdrawal, the Company agrees forthwith to take such action as AGI may request to publicly evidence that the Endorsement has been withdrawn and the Company agrees not to hold the Business out as having the Endorsement.

MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT (DA-9801 Licensed Products)

Dong-A

NeuroBo

Dong-A ST Co., Ltd.,

NeuroBo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,

September 28, 2018

September 28, 2018

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.

The laws of the State of New York (without giving effect to its conflicts of law principles) govern all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement and all of the transactions it contemplates, including without limitation, its validity, interpretation, construction, performance, and enforcement.

Upon [***] days' notice and at time mutually agreed upon by the Parties during Dong-A's normal business hours, but no more frequently than [***] every year during the term of this Agreement, NeuroBo may, at its cost and expense, inspect Dong-A's manufacturing facilities where the Licensed Products are manufactured.

Within [***] days after receipt of the Licensed Products and/or their matching placebo hereunder, NeuroBo may, in its discretion, perform a quality control test (the "Product Test") in accordance with the methods of the test on such Licensed Products and/or their matching placebo for acceptance (the "Product Test Methods"), which shall be separately agreed in writing by and between Dong-A and NeuroBo and attached hereto as Exhibit B, as may be amended by the Parties' agreement in writing from time to time.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

the "Issuer"

HEALTHCARE CAPITAL CORP.

C.M. OLIVER & COMPANY LIMITED

the "Sponsor"

March 13, 1996

This Agreement shall  terminate and,  subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further  force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate  this Agreement as provided in subsection  6.2,  provided that, in any event,  sections  3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such  termination  occurs by virtue of paragraph  6.2(b),  subsection 2.5 shall not terminate  (except as set forth  therein)  and shall  continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.

This Agreement  will be governed by the law of British  Columbia and the parties attorn to the  non-exclusive  jurisdiction of the courts of British Columbia for the resolution of all disputes arising in connection with this Agreement.

This  Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in  accordance  with,  the laws of British Columbia, Canada.

This  Agreement  is binding  upon and enures to the  benefit of the  parties and their  respective  successors and assigns,  and no party shall have the right to assign its rights  hereunder or any interest  herein  without the prior  written consent of the other parties.

TRANSPORTATION SERVICES AGREEMENT

PennTex North Louisiana Operating, LLC

MRD Operating LLC

Shipper

Shipper and Carrier may be referred to individually as a "Party," or collectively as the "Parties."

Carrier

14t h day of April, 2015

14t h day of April, 2015

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Texas without giving effect to the conflict of law rules thereof.

This Agreement may not be assigned, disposed of, alienated or otherwise transferred by either Party, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, except as provided below.

New Shippers will have access to a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Available Capacity

Products of the required specifications shall be Tendered for transportation in quantities of not less than 2,500 Barrels of the same specification, except that Carrier may, in its sole discretion, accept any quantity of Product if such quantity can be consolidated with other Product such that Carrier can make a single delivery of not less than 2,500 Barrels

Carrier shall allocate up to ninety percent (90%) of the Available Capacity on a non-discriminatory historical basis to all Historical Shippers.

New Shippers will have access to a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Available Capacity and Historical Shippers will have access to a maximum of ninety percent (90%) of the Available Capacity.

Carrier is not required to allocate more than two percent (2%) of the Available Capacity to any individual New Shipper.

Shipper shall be entitled to audit Carrier's applicable books and records for the limited purpose of determining if the amount of any increase pursuant to this Section 6.2 is justified by the actually-incurred and reasonable amount of the aggregate costs and/or expenses relating to the System; provided, however, such audit shall not require Carrier to disclose confidential information of any Person other than Shipper who is a shipper on the System

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES, ANY SUCCESSORS IN INTEREST OR ANY BENEFICIARY OR ASSIGNEE OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, MULTIPLE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS LIMITING AN OBLIGATION OF A PARTY HEREUNDER TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS THE OTHER PARTY AGAINST CLAIMS ASSERTED BY UNAFFILIATED THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THIRD PARTY CLAIMS FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES, ANY SUCCESSORS IN INTEREST OR ANY BENEFICIARY OR ASSIGNEE OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, MULTIPLE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS LIMITING AN OBLIGATION OF A PARTY HEREUNDER TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS THE OTHER PARTY AGAINST CLAIMS ASSERTED BY UNAFFILIATED THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THIRD PARTY CLAIMS FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES.

TRANSPORTATION CONTRACT

JSC NOC KazakhOil

Principal

Parties

JSC Karakudukmunay

Company

January 3, 2000

"Effective Date" means the date of actual execution of this Contract by the Parties.

"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.

"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.

In accordance with items 9.3, 9.4, and 10.3, this Contract shall come into      force on the Effective Date, remain effective throughout the Initial Term,      and be prolonged, or further extended automatically for a period of 12

months, each such extension commencing at the end of the last day of the      Initial Term or the relevant anniversary thereof, unless either Party      serves written notice of termination on the other Party at least 65 days      prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any subsequent extension.

In accordance with items 9.3, 9.4, and 10.3, this Contract shall come into      force on the Effective Date, remain effective throughout the Initial Term,      and be prolonged, or further extended automatically for a period of 12





     months, each such extension commencing at the end of the last day of the      Initial Term or the relevant anniversary thereof, unless either Party      serves written notice of termination on the other Party at least 65 days      prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any subsequent extension.

Effective legislation of the Republic of Kazakhstan shall apply to any      relations of the Parties arising out of this Contract.

Neither Party shall be entitled to assign any of its rights or duties      hereunder to any third parties without a written consent of the other Party      thereto.

The Principal shall pay the Company a fee of $1.00 (one dollar), inclusive      of VAT, per one net tonne of Commodity shipped pursuant to this Contract.

The Company shall have a right to deliver Commodity to the Buyer with a      permissible +/-5% deviation from the number of batches of Commodit

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

(collectively the "Parties")

Zanotti

AURA  SYSTEMS INC.

Aura

ZANOTTI EAST INC.

March 18, 2010

March 18, 2010

This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in  accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").

Unless terminated prior to the natural expiration of the Initial Term, upon the expiry of the  Initial Term this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive terms of the same duration, unless either party gives written notice to the  other of such party's desire not to renew not less than ninety (90) days prior to the date of the expiration of the Initial Term or any









  successive term thereafter.

Unless terminated prior to the natural expiration of the Initial Term, upon the expiry of the  Initial Term this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive terms of the same duration, unless either party gives written notice to the  other of such party's desire not to renew not less than ninety (90) days prior to the date of the expiration of the Initial Term or any









  successive term thereafter.

This Agreement is deemed made and entered into in the State of California and shall be construed, enforced and performed in  accordance with the laws of the State of California, without reference, to choice of law.

During the term of this Agreement, Zanotti agrees that Aura shall be allowed the full benefit of any and all lower prices  and/or any more favorable terms and/or conditions ("MFN" Terms) contained in any other agreement entered into by Zanotti for the sale of any  product substantially similar to the Product in the same or lesser quantities described in this Agreement to third parties

Zanotti shall notify Aura  in writing of any such MFN Terms within fifteen (15) calendar days after agreeing thereto, and shall make the MFN Terms available to Aura as of  the effective date of such agreement and thereafter for the greater of (i) three (3) months or (ii) such time that the MFN Terms remain in effect.

In accordance with Section 3.6 below,  at no time shall any Product price exceed the lowest price for which Zanotti sells such Product (or substantial equivalent thereof) in similar  quantities to any third party.

Any such agreement









  reached between Zanotti and Aura regarding such worldwide sales and marketing shall prohibit competition among Zanotti and Aura with regard  to AETRU Systems and shall be memorized in a separate agreement between the Parties.

If, within five (5) business days of receipt of such  notice from Aura, Zanotti does not agree to match such price, the exclusive supplier rights granted pursuant to









  Article 2 above shall, upon Aura's sole election, immediately become non-exclusive with respect to such specific Product to which the lower price  applies and Aura shall have full discretion to purchase or otherwise obtain such Product from sources other than Zanotti.

Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Aura appoints Zanotti as its exclusive supplier of the Products  within the Territory and Field of Use and Zanotti hereby accepts such appointment.

In the event that Zanotti fails to secure purchases









  amounting to the Minimum Order for any particular period, the exclusive supplier rights granted pursuant to this Article 2 shall become non- exclusive commencing immediately following such period in which the Minimum Order was not achieved and Aura shall have full discretion to  purchase or otherwise obtain Product from sources other than Zanotti.

In order to maintain the exclusivity granted hereunder, Zanotti  shall provide Aura with orders for a minimum of (i) one thousand (1,000) AETRU Systems during the first twenty-four (24) months of this  Agreement and (ii) seven hundred and fifty (750) AETRU Systems per year thereafter for so long as this Agreement remains in effect (the  "Minimum Order").

In the event that Zanotti fails to secure purchases









  amounting to the Minimum Order for any particular period, the exclusive supplier rights granted pursuant to this Article 2 shall become non- exclusive commencing immediately following such period in which the Minimum Order was not achieved and Aura shall have full discretion to  purchase or otherwise obtain Product from sources other than Zanotti.

In order to maintain the exclusivity granted hereunder, Zanotti  shall provide Aura with orders for a minimum of (i) one thousand (1,000) AETRU Systems during the first twenty-four (24) months of this  Agreement and (ii) seven hundred and fifty (750) AETRU Systems per year thereafter for so long as this Agreement remains in effect (the  "Minimum Order").

Notwithstanding Section 7.1 above, this Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

(d) By either party hereto upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party hereto;

Notwithstanding Section 7.1 above, this Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:


  (a) At the election of either party, in writing, if: (i) all or substantially all of the assets of the non-terminating party are transferred, sold or  liquidated;

or (v) the ownership or  operations of the non-terminating party have materially changed;

Except as expressly provided for herein, neither party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this  Agreement without the other party's prior written approval and any such assignment or transfer shall be void.

Within thirty (30) days from the Effective Date hereof, Zanotti shall deliver to Aura a minimum total of twelve (12)  Products to be delivered to Aura's facilities McDonough, Georgia, of such type as mutually agreed by the Parties (the "Initial Order").

In the event that Zanotti fails to secure purchases









  amounting to the Minimum Order for any particular period, the exclusive supplier rights granted pursuant to this Article 2 shall become non- exclusive commencing immediately following such period in which the Minimum Order was not achieved and Aura shall have full discretion to  purchase or otherwise obtain Product from sources other than Zanotti.

Notwithstanding Section 7.1 above, this Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

(b) By Aura, in writing in the event that Zanotti fails to meet the minimum purchase requirements as described in Article 3 above,  provided, however, that such default has not been remedied by Zanotti within sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice thereof  from Aura;

In order to maintain the exclusivity granted hereunder, Zanotti  shall provide Aura with orders for a minimum of (i) one thousand (1,000) AETRU Systems during the first twenty-four (24) months of this  Agreement and (ii) seven hundred and fifty (750) AETRU Systems per year thereafter for so long as this Agreement remains in effect (the  "Minimum Order").

Zanotti hereby agrees that Aura may, at any given time, store up to two (2) AuraGen systems in such Zanotti facilities as Aura  may designate from time to time.

During the Term of this Agreement and subject to its provisions, Aura grants to Zanotti a limited, non-exclusive license to use Aura's  Trademarks to identify and promote the sale of the AETRU System within the Field of Use in the Territory and Zanotti grants to Aura a limited,  non-exclusive license to use Zanotti's Trademarks to identify and promote the Products used in conjunction with the AETRU System within the  Field of Use in the Territory.

(b) Aura shall have the right but not the obligation to purchase any or all Products then in Aura's possession at the invoiced price(s). In the  event that Aura does not elect to purchase said Products, Aura, at its cost, shall return all such non-purchased Products to Zanotti.

Upon termination of this Agreement for whatever reason whatsoever, the Parties shall have the  following rights and obligations:

For a period of not less than two (2) years after the date of termination, each party shall maintain, and make available to the other party  upon its request, for inspection and copying all books and records that pertain to performance of and compliance with obligations,  warranties and representations under this Agreement.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL,  CONSEQUENTIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY  TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT ARISING FROM ANY CLAIMS ASSERTED WHICH ARE BASED UPON  LOSS OF GOODWILL, PROSPECTIVE PROFITS OR ANTICIPATED ORDERS, OR ON ACCOUNT OF ANY EXPENDITURES,  INVESTMENTS, LEASES OR COMMITMENTS MADE BY SUCH PARTY;

At all times during the Term of this Agreement, Zanotti shall warrant the Products to purchasers of AETRU Systems in  accordance with the terms of its standard warranty attached hereto as Exhibit "C"  ("End User Warranty"), as such End User Warranty may be  modified from time to time by Zanotti, provided however that at no time shall such End User Warranty provide for a warranty coverage period of  less than thirty-six (36) months from the time of purchase by the initial end-user.

Additionally, Zanotti shall offer to end-users the option to purchase extended warranty coverage for an additional  twenty-four (24) months - making the total warranty period sixty (60) months.

Such policy or policies will (a) have aggregate limits of liability of not less than  $1,000,000 with respect to any incident or occurrence and of not less than $2,000,000 in the aggregate; (b) name both Zanotti and Aura as insured  parties; and (c) provide that such policy may not be canceled except upon not less than 30 days' written notice to both Zanotti and Aura. Each  party will provide such evidence of the effectiveness of such insurance to the other party as may be reasonably requested.

Both Parties will each have and maintain in full force and effect during the Term of this Agreement (including any post-termination  period for which indemnification obligations continue), all product liability and other insurance reasonably necessary to cover









  such party's anticipated indemnification obligation and other risk of loss for which it may be liable under this Agreement.

Each party  each agrees that it will not knowingly do anything inconsistent with the other party's ownership of such party's intellectual property, including  without limitation, questioning the validity of that party's Trademarks or registering or attempting to register the other party's Trademarks in its  own name or that of any other firm, person or corporation.

CHANNEL PARTNER RESELLER AGREEMENT

Pareteum Corporation

IPASS INC.

iPass

Channel Partner

04/25/2018

"Effective Date" means the date of last signature on this Agreement.

04/25/2018

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").

The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party provides the other party written notification of its intent to terminate the Agreement no later than sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then applicable term.

The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party provides the other party written notification of its intent to terminate the Agreement no later than sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then applicable term.

The laws of California shall govern the construction and enforceability of the Agreement.

Channel Partner accepts iPass as the exclusive provider to Channel Partner for all services of the nature of the Services. In no event may Channel Partner resell or otherwise provide the Service to any third party for purposes of further "down channel" resale of the Services, absent iPass' notice and consent.

Channel Partner may not assign the Agreement, the use of any Licensed Software or Services or its rights and obligations under the Agreement without the prior written consent of iPass.

Any such assignment is void.

"Business Entity Minimum Monthly Commitment" means, for each Business Entity, a minimum monthly commitment of at least 250 Users, by Channel Partner for each Business Entity.

The "Special Pricing" is contingent on a minimum order size of [***] users.

Channel Partner will have at a minimum one (1) web page describing the iPass Services.

TABLE 1

Business Entity Committed Users Monthly Fee/User Minimum Monthly Fee

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***]

iPass grants to Channel Partner a nonexclusive, terminable right to:

(iii) install and execute the Server Software on up to three (3) designated servers and one backup server for Channel Partner and for each End User.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, Channel Partner grants to you a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license right exercisable solely during the term of this agreement to: (1) reproduce, exactly as provided by Channel Partner, object code copies of the Client Software, as needed for distribution to your End Users the iPass Software; and to install and use the iPass Licensed Software.

iPass grants to Channel Partner a nonexclusive, terminable right to: (i) access and otherwise use the Licensed Software, and iPass Marks as provided in Exhibit F solely in furtherance of this Agreement and not for other internal business purposes, (ii) sell or re-license the Licensed Software, Documentation and Services to Business Entities and End Users, and (iii) install and execute the Server Software on up to three (3) designated servers and one backup server for Channel Partner and for each End User.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, Channel Partner grants to you a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license right exercisable solely during the term of this agreement to: (1) reproduce, exactly as provided by Channel Partner, object code copies of the Client Software, as needed for distribution to your End Users the iPass Software; and to install and use the iPass Licensed Software.

The fees include the (i) use of the Mobility Management Services; (ii) unlimited iPass network access (except for certain premium in-flight Wi-Fi Services); and (iii) iPass Hosted Authentication Service.

CHANNEL PARTNER'S PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITY FOR EARLY TERMINATION FEES OR CHARGES, BREACHES OF CONFIDENTIALITY BY EITHER PARTY, MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THE OTHER PARTY, AND THE PARTIES' INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXCLUDED FROM THESE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL CHANNEL PARTNER, IPASS OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR INTERRUPTED COMMUNICATIONS, LOST DATA OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE.

EACH PARTY'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY ITS FAILURE TO PERFORM ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO: (A) PROVEN DIRECT DAMAGES FOR CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH, OR DAMAGE TO TANGIBLE PROPERTY CAUSED BY THE PARTY'S NEGLIGENT OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT; AND (B) PROVEN DIRECT DAMAGES FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR SERVICES, NOT TO EXCEED AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE AMOUNT OF FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY CHANNEL PARTNER TO IPASS DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRECEDING THE FIRST EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY. ALL CLAIMS AGAINST THE PARTIES WILL BE AGGREGATED TO DETERMINE SATISFACTION OF THIS LIMIT, AND MULTIPLE CLAIMS WILL NOT ENLARGE THE LIMIT.

NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, THE SERVICES OR DOCUMENTATION, WHETHER FROM BREACH OF CONTRACT OR WARRANTY, FROM NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

iPass and its suppliers shall be deemed to be third-party beneficiaries of this agreement, with the right to enforce the terms of this agreement.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT

NMS COMMUNICATIONS CORP.

Seller

VERSO BACKHAUL SOLUTIONS, INC.

Backhaul

December 20, 2007

This Intellectual Property Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of Georgia, applicable contracts to be wholly performed within the State of Georgia.

Seller hereby covenants and agrees, that from time to time forthwith upon the reasonable written request of Backhaul or Buyer, that Seller will, at Backhaul's cost and expense, do, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be done, executed, acknowledged and delivered, each and all of such further acts, deeds, assignments, transfers, conveyances and assurances as may reasonably be required by Backhaul or Buyer in order to transfer, assign, convey and deliver unto and vest in Backhaul title to all right, title and interest of Seller in, to and under the Assigned Intellectual Property.

LICENSE AND RESELLER AGREEMENT

EHAVE, INC.

Ehave

COMPANION HEALTHCARE TECHNOLOGIES CORP

CHT

October 30, 2018

October 30, 2018

This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws in force in the Province of Ontario (excluding any conflict of laws rule or principle which might refer such construction to the laws of another jurisdiction).

For so long as the appointment set out in Section 2(a) is exclusive, CHT shall not enter into an agreement (a "Competitive Transaction") with any other Person related to the license, sub-license, sale, resale or provide service, solutions, goods or products, that are substantially similar to or competitive with the Ehave Companion Solution.

Subject to Section 2(e), the foregoing appointment is exclusive such that Ehave shall not appoint any other Person to, nor may Ehave itself, sell or resell the use of the Ehave Companion Solution within the Field of Use anywhere in the Territory.

Subject to Section 2(e), the grant set out in Clause 2(b)(i) is exclusive such that Ehave shall not license any other Person to, nor may Ehave itself, license, sub-license the use of, or provide services similar to, the Ehave Companion Solution within the Field of Use anywhere in the Territory.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exclusive appointment and license set out in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) shall become non-exclusive if: (i) at any time during the Term hereof, CHT breaches Section 2(d) as determined by arbitration in accordance with Section 19(c) or by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; or (ii) at any time after November 1, 2010 CHT fails to achieve annual revenues of $500,000.

For clarity, a Competitive Transaction shall not include an agreement for use, integration or interfacing, or co-marketing, of the Ehave Companion Solution with other services, solutions, devices, goods or products, where such other services, solutions, devices, goods or products do not contain the same or similar functionality of the Ehave Companion Solution, but provides for a complementary solution.

In addition, CHT may terminate this Agreement and the rights granted hereunder, in whole or in part, and without prejudice to enforcement of any other legal right or remedy (including any express termination right set forth elsewhere in this Agreement), at any time without cause, by providing at least thirty (30) Business Days prior written notice to Ehave, but subject to payment of a termination fee equal to an amount set out in Schedule 6.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement commencing as of the Effective Date and for the duration of the Term and any Transition-out Period, Ehave hereby grants to CHT a non-transferable (except as permitted under Section 20(f)), right to: (i) sub-license the use of the Ehave Companion Solution within the Field of Use in the Territory to End Users and their respective Authorized Users, including in operation or by interfacing with other software, hardware, systems, networks and services, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of CHT's Subscription Agreement; and (ii) use the Ehave Companion Solution to support its licensed End Users.

(vi) Ehave undergoes a change of control or is a party to a merger or amalgamation;

The parties acknowledge and agree that a "Release Condition" for purposes of the Escrow Agreement shall be deemed to mean any one or more of the following listed events (in addition to any other event specified as a release condition under the Escrow Agreement):

CHT may use third parties to perform its foregoing rights, provided that any such third parties are not competitors of Ehave and shall be subject to confidentiality obligations.

Neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder shall be assignable by a Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, provided that either Party shall have the right, on notice to but without the other Party's consent, to assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations contained herein, to an affiliate or to a third party who is not a competitor of the other Party in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assigning Party's business or assets relating to this Agreement.

or (ii) at any time after November 1, 2010 CHT fails to achieve annual revenues of $500,000.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exclusive appointment and license set out in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) shall become non-exclusive if:

For such purpose, CHT hereby grants to Ehave a non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable, limited license during the Term and Transition-out Period and within the Territory to use, reproduce, publish and display the CHT Marks solely in connection with the operation of the Ehave Companion Solution for and on behalf of CHT and End Users.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement commencing as of the Effective Date and for the duration of the Term and any Transition-out Period, Ehave hereby grants to CHT a non-transferable (except as permitted under Section 20(f)), right to: (i) sub-license the use of the Ehave Companion Solution within the Field of Use in the Territory to End Users and their respective Authorized Users, including in operation or by interfacing with other software, hardware, systems, networks and services, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of CHT's Subscription Agreement; and (ii) use the Ehave Companion Solution to support its licensed End Users.

In connection with the exercise of CHT's rights under the Escrow Agreement, Ehave hereby grants to CHT a non- exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 20(f)), right and license to use and copy the materials deposited with the Escrow Agent, including the Source Code, its Specifications and documentation, and any resulting corrections, repairs, translations, enhancements, and other derivative works and improvements made by CHT, for the sole purposes of providing to CHT the ability to operate, support and maintain, the Ehave Companion Solution for its End Users from time to time, until such time that CHT is able to migrate off the Ehave Companion Solution, but in any event not exceeding twelve months from the date of release of the materials from escrow.

Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, CHT shall obtain from each End User the right to and hereby grants, effective upon the execution and delivery of such End User's Subscription Agreement, to Ehave: (i) a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right and licence during the term of such Subscription Agreement to use, copy, store and display the End User Data solely for the purpose of enabling Ehave to operate the Ehave Companion Solution for such End User and as may be necessary for the purpose of enabling Ehave to provide support services in accordance with this Agreement; and (ii) a royalty-free, non-exclusive, limited, perpetual right and license to use, copy, store and display End User Data on an aggregated and anonymous basis and so as not to permit the identification of any End User or individual for the sole purpose of improving or developing enhancements to the Ehave Companion Solution , provided that Ehave shall not have any right to use, commercialize or exploit such End User Data in any other manner or for any other purpose.

If CHT requires Ehave to host the CHT Developments, then CHT hereby grants to Ehave a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right and licence during the Term hereof to use the CHT Developments solely for the purpose of enabling its operation for CHT and its End Users' purposes.

Subject to Section 2(e), the grant set out in Clause 2(b)(i) is exclusive such that Ehave shall not license any other Person to, nor may Ehave itself, license, sub-license the use of, or provide services similar to, the Ehave Companion Solution within the Field of Use anywhere in the Territory.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement commencing as of the Effective Date and for the duration of the Term and any Transition-out Period, Ehave hereby grants to CHT a non-transferable (except as permitted under Section 20(f)), right to: (i) sub-license the use of the Ehave Companion Solution within the Field of Use in the Territory to End Users and their respective Authorized Users, including in operation or by interfacing with other software, hardware, systems, networks and services, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of CHT's Subscription Agreement; and (ii) use the Ehave Companion Solution to support its licensed End Users.

In connection with the exercise of CHT's rights under the Escrow Agreement, Ehave hereby grants to CHT a non- exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 20(f)), right and license to use and copy the materials deposited with the Escrow Agent, including the Source Code, its Specifications and documentation, and any resulting corrections, repairs, translations, enhancements, and other derivative works and improvements made by CHT, for the sole purposes of providing to CHT the ability to operate, support and maintain, the Ehave Companion Solution for its End Users from time to time, until such time that CHT is able to migrate off the Ehave Companion Solution, but in any event not exceeding twelve months from the date of release of the materials from escrow.

Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, CHT shall obtain from each End User the right to and hereby grants, effective upon the execution and delivery of such End User's Subscription Agreement, to Ehave: (i) a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right and licence during the term of such Subscription Agreement to use, copy, store and display the End User Data solely for the purpose of enabling Ehave to operate the Ehave Companion Solution for such End User and as may be necessary for the purpose of enabling Ehave to provide support services in accordance with this Agreement; and (ii) a royalty-free, non-exclusive, limited, perpetual right and license to use, copy, store and display End User Data on an aggregated and anonymous basis and so as not to permit the identification of any End User or individual for the sole purpose of improving or developing enhancements to the Ehave Companion Solution , provided that Ehave shall not have any right to use, commercialize or exploit such End User Data in any other manner or for any other purpose.

If CHT requires Ehave to host the CHT Developments, then CHT hereby grants to Ehave a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right and licence during the Term hereof to use the CHT Developments solely for the purpose of enabling its operation for CHT and its End Users' purposes.

Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, CHT shall obtain from each End User the right to and hereby grants, effective upon the execution and delivery of such End User's Subscription Agreement, to Ehave: (i) a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right and licence during the term of such Subscription Agreement to use, copy, store and display the End User Data solely for the purpose of enabling Ehave to operate the Ehave Companion Solution for such End User and as may be necessary for the purpose of enabling Ehave to provide support services in accordance with this Agreement; and (ii) a royalty-free, non-exclusive, limited, perpetual right and license to use, copy, store and display End User Data on an aggregated and anonymous basis and so as not to permit the identification of any End User or individual for the sole purpose of improving or developing enhancements to the Ehave Companion Solution , provided that Ehave shall not have any right to use, commercialize or exploit such End User Data in any other manner or for any other purpose.

Upon release of the Source Code by the Escrow Agent to CHT pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement, Ehave hereby warrants that such Source Code and other materials are and will be the then current version of the Software as used by CHT in its provision to End Users of the eEhave Companion Solution under the Subscription Agreements and that Ehave shall throughout the Term keep the Source Code so deposited with the Escrow Agent current by periodically submitting material updates to the Escrow Agent from time to time, as necessary.

The parties acknowledge and agree that a "Release Condition" for purposes of the Escrow Agreement shall be deemed to mean any one or more of the following listed events (in addition to any other event specified as a release condition under the Escrow Agreement): (i) Ehave makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (ii) Ehave voluntarily institutes any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, arrangement, readjustment or debt, dissolution, liquidation or similar proceeding relating to it under the laws of any jurisdiction, or any such proceeding is instituted against Ehave and is not dismissed within sixty (60) Business Days; or any judgment, writ, warrant or attachment or execution of similar process is issued or levied against a substantial part of Ehave's property and remains unsatisfied for sixty (60) Business Days; or Ehave applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee or similar officer for it or for all or any substantial part of its property; or such receiver, trustee or similar officer is appointed without the consent of Ehave; (iii) Ehave consents to the filing of a petition of bankruptcy against it; (iv) a petition of bankruptcy is filed against Ehave which is not discharged within sixty (60) days; (v) Ehave becomes or is adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction as being bankrupt or insolvent or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature; Ehave ceases doing business as a going concern; (vi) Ehave undergoes a change of control or is a party to a merger or amalgamation; (vii) Ehave takes steps to dissolve, liquidate, wind up or otherwise terminate its existence; (viii) Ehave has terminated its provision of or ceased to provide the Ehave Companion Solution or support services for a continuing period of fifteen (15) Business Days or more, except pursuant to the termination of this Agreement by Ehave in accordance with its rights contained hrein.

Concurrently with execution of this Agreement or, at CHT's option, as soon as practicable after the Effective Date but in no event later than CHT's acceptance of and the launch of the Ehave Companion Solution, CHT and Ehave shall enter into a Source Code Escrow Agreement with a reputable software escrow agent mutually acceptable to the Parties ("Escrow Agent"), in or substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule "7", or otherwise in a form acceptable to the Parties, acting reasonably, and to the Escrow Agent (the "Escrow Agreement"), providing for the release of the Source Code for the Software, as modified pursuant to Section 3 and all necessary programming documentation, utilities and tools used by Ehave to maintain the Software and to compile the source code into object code (excluding third party utilities and tools licensed by Ehave for which Ehave has not been granted the right to sublicense or otherwise make available such utilities and tools to third parties without additional charge, but including such information as necessary for CHT to obtain licenses to and obtain such third party utilities and tools), all in its then-existing form, to CHT, in the certain circumstances expressly stated in Section 12(b).

CHT expressly agrees, however, that CHT shall not exercise any of the foregoing right and license unless and until CHT obtains such Source Code from the Escrow Agent.

In connection with the exercise of CHT's rights under the Escrow Agreement, Ehave hereby grants to CHT a non- exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 20(f)), right and license to use and copy the materials deposited with the Escrow Agent, including the Source Code, its Specifications and documentation, and any resulting corrections, repairs, translations, enhancements, and other derivative works and improvements made by CHT, for the sole purposes of providing to CHT the ability to operate, support and maintain, the Ehave Companion Solution for its End Users from time to time, until such time that CHT is able to migrate off the Ehave Companion Solution, but in any event not exceeding twelve months from the date of release of the materials from escrow.

Without limiting the provisions of Section 11, commencing on the delivery of any notice of termination of this Agreement, and continuing through the effective date of termination and for a period of sixty (60) Business Days thereafter (the "Transition-out Period"), Ehave will, to the extent requested by CHT, provide to CHT (or at CHT's request to CHT's End User) such reasonable cooperation, assistance and services to facilitate the orderly wind down, transition and migration and transfer of the End User Data from Ehave to CHT (the "Transition-out Services").

Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, subject to and without limiting the provisions of Section 12: (i) the Parties shall implement the Transition-Out Services pursuant to Section 10(f); (ii) at the end of the Transition-out Period (or earlier upon CHT's request) Ehave shall terminate and invalidate any Authentication IDs associated with CHT and any of its End Users; (iii) Ehave shall, but not earlier than twenty (20) Business Days after the later of termination or expiration of this Agreement or the Transition-out Period, destroy any copies of the End User Data contained in the Ehave Companion Solution and certify in writing to CHT that it has done so; (iv) CHT shall pay to Ehave the full amount of all Royalties payable hereunder as of the date of termination, if any, whether already invoiced or not (including any amounts due as late payment charges), and any other monies owing to Ehave hereunder; and (v) each Party will return to the other Party, or at the other Party's written request, destroy, in a secure manner all Confidential Information of the other Party which is then in its possession or control and certify in writing that it has done so.

CHT shall, in good faith and at its own expense:

No period shall be audited more than once.

All information obtained by Ehave and its Auditors during any such Audit shall be kept confidential and shall be considered CHT's Confidential Information.

have shall impose confidentiality obligations on its Auditors that are substantially similar to those under Section 13 and shall be responsible for any breach of confidentiality by its Auditors.

CHT will provide Ehave and its representatives, auditors and inspectors ("Auditors") upon ten (10) Business Days prior written notice with reasonable access, during business hours, to all facilities, systems and assets used by CHT, to CHT personnel and subcontractors and to all relevant CHT books and records, in each case, to the extent relevant to this Agreement, in order to conduct appropriate audits, examinations and inspections ("Audits") to: (i) verify compliance with the requirements set out in this Agreement; and (ii) verify the Royalty calculations.

CHT shall provide to Ehave and its Auditors any assistance they may reasonably require to conduct such Audits.

On an annual basis, Ehave shall conduct and provide CHT the results of an audit conducted in accordance with the Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) No. 18, Service Organization Control (SOC) 2 Report type audit or similar audits in respect of its operations.

Costs incurred by Ehave in connection with any audit or inspection conducted shall be borne by Ehave.

Audits may be conducted once a calendar year, provided that the foregoing limit shall not apply where an audit discovered an overcharge of 5% or more, in which case, Ehave may conduct another audit sooner.

maintain books, records and accounts of all transactions and activities covered by this Agreement and permit reasonable examination thereof by Ehave and its representatives in accordance with this Agreement.

Further, subject to Section 17(c), neither Party shall not be liable to the other Party for any lost revenue, lost profit or lost savings.

Notwithstanding Sections 17(a) and 17(b), neither Party excludes or limits any liability for: (i) personal injury or death to the extent that such injury or death results from the negligence or wilful misconduct of a Party or its employees or subcontractors; (ii) fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation or fraudulent concealment; (iii) the Party's obligations set out in Sections 2(c), 5(b), 5(c), 6(b), 11, 13 or 16; (iv) CHT's payment obligations under Section 7; or (v) willful misconduct or gross negligence.

Subject to Section 17(c), in no event shall either Party be liable to the other for any consequential, incidental, exemplary or punitive damages even if advised in advance of the possibility of such damages.

Subject to Section 17(c), in no event shall either Party's liability under this Agreement exceed the aggregate of all amounts paid under this Agreement and amounts that have accrued but not yet been paid in the twelve (12) months preceding the event giving rise to the claim.

Further, subject to Section 17(c), neither Party shall not be liable to the other Party for any lost revenue, lost profit or lost savings.

Subject to Section 17(c), in no event shall either Party's liability under this Agreement exceed the aggregate of all amounts paid under this Agreement and amounts that have accrued but not yet been paid in the twelve (12) months preceding the event giving rise to the claim.

Subject to Section 17(c), in no event shall either Party be liable to the other for any consequential, incidental, exemplary or punitive damages even if advised in advance of the possibility of such damages.

In addition, CHT may terminate this Agreement and the rights granted hereunder, in whole or in part, and without prejudice to enforcement of any other legal right or remedy (including any express termination right set forth elsewhere in this Agreement), at any time without cause, by providing at least thirty (30) Business Days prior written notice to Ehave, but subject to payment of a termination fee equal to an amount set out in Schedule 6.

Both Parties shall, at all times during the currency of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, maintain the following policies of insurance in effect: (i) a comprehensive general liability insurance policy, with minimum coverage of $1,000,000 per occurrence and in the annual aggregate for product liability and completed operations, covering bodily and personal injury, including death, and property damage, including loss of use; and (ii) an information and network technology blended liability insurance policy with an insured limit of at least $1,000,000 in the aggregate.

In the event of any material change or cancellation of the required insurance policies, the applicable Party will provide the other Party with thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice and will promptly replace such insurance policy in accordance with this Section 15, without lapse in coverage.

Upon the execution of this Agreement or at any time at a Party's request during the term of this Agreement, the other Party shall provide the requesting Party with evidence of the aforementioned insurance coverage in the form of a certificate of insurance acceptable to the requesting Party.

Ehave shall be a third party beneficiary hereunder, but shall not have any obligations to the End User thereunder.

United National Bancorp Enters Into                 Outsourcing Agreement with the BISYS Group, Inc.

BISYS Group, Inc.

UNBJ

BISYS

United National Bank

United National Bancorp

February 18, 1999

NON-EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT- FOR SALES

Virtuoso Surgical, Inc.

JHU

The Johns Hopkins University

Company

May 3, 2016

"EFFECTIVE DATE" of this Agreement shall mean the date the last party hereto has executed this Agreement.

5/11/2016

This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.

This Agreement shall be construed, and legal relations between the parties hereto shall be determined, in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland applicable to contracts solely executed and wholly to be performed within the State of Maryland without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws.

Company may terminate this Agreement and the license granted herein, for any reason, upon giving JHU sixty (60) days written notice under Paragraph 8.1.

If COMPANY proposes to sell any equity securities or securities that are convertible into equity securities of COMPANY (collectively, "Equity Securities") in any new round of financing, then COMPANY shall offer JHU and/or its Assignee (as defined below) an opportunity to purchase either: (i) up to that portion of the Equity Securities that equals JHU's then current, fully-diluted percentage ownership interest in COMPANY, or (ii) if the percentage offered for sale by COMPANY is less, then up to five percent (5%) of the Equity Securities offered for sale.

COMPANY will pay JHU a fee equal one percent (1%) of the Aggregate Consideration received by the COMPANY, or the total amount received by stockholders of COMPANY, upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event.

For a Liquidity Event, the fee required under Section 4.1 of this Exhibit A above shall be payable to JHU by COMPANY in the same form as the proceeds paid or payable to either COMPANY or its security holders, whether in cash, securities or other property, and in the same proportion as such form of consideration is paid or payable to COMPANY or its security holders.

uch fee shall be paid after only the first to occur of either a Liquidation Event or an Initial Public Offering. The respective fees, when and if payable, shall be paid upon closing; except that if there are additional contingent amounts ("Trailing Consideration") payable upon the occurrence of subsequent events, then the Trailing Consideration shall be due and payable to JHU within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof by COMPANY.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the form of consideration paid or payable includes securities for which there is not an active public market, in lieu of paying that portion of the fee with such securities COMPANY will make a cash payment to JHU equal to the fair market value of such securities.

Company shall not sublicense to others under this Agreement, nor extend the rights granted hereunder to any affiliated company.

This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of JHU, its successors and assignees and shall not be assignable to another party, except that the Company shall have the right to assign this Agreement to another party in the case of the sale or transfer by the Company of all, or substantially all, of its assets relating to the LICENSED PRODUCT(S), LICENSED SERVICE(S) or PATENT RIGHT(S), to that party.

The stock purchase agreement shall contain provisions protecting JHU against dilution of its equity interest in the event the post-money valuation of any equity investment is less than two million dollars ($2,000,000), and it will also contain a provision for the piggy-back registration of common shares with any other class of stock in an initial public offering. If COMPANY proposes to sell any equity securities or securities that are convertible into equity securities of COMPANY (collectively, "Equity Securities") in any new round of financing, then COMPANY shall offer JHU and/or its Assignee (as defined below) an opportunity to purchase either: (i) up to that portion of the Equity Securities that equals JHU's then current, fully-diluted percentage ownership interest in COMPANY, or (ii) if the percentage offered for sale by COMPANY is less, then up to five percent (5%) of the Equity Securities offered for sale. Such offer to purchase shall be on the same terms and conditions as are offered with respect to such Equity Securities sold in such financing. For purposes of this section 7 of Exhibit A, the term "Assignee" means: (a) any entity to which JHU's preemptive rights have been assigned either by JHU or by another entity, or (b) any entity that is controlled by JHU.

Company shall pay to JHU, a running royalty as set forth in Exhibit A, for each LICENSED PRODUCT(S) sold and each LICENSED SERVICE(S) provided, based upon NET SALES and NET SERVICE REVENUES respectively, for the term of this Agreement.

If COMPANY is required to pay running royalties on any patent rights not licensed hereunder ("Other Royalties") in order to make, use or sell a particular LICENSED PRODUCT or LICENSED SERVICE, COMPANY shall be entitled to credit half (50%) of such Other Royalties against the Earned Royalty due, but the Earned Royalties shall not be reduced below fifty percent (50%) of those that would otherwise be due JHU for that LICENSED PRODUCT or LICENSED SERVICE.

COMPANY shall pay an annual EARNED ROYALTY as follows: 2.1.1 Four percent (4%) of the sum of NET REVENUES.

In addition, COMPANY shall issue to JHU that number of shares of common stock representing five percent (5%) of the outstanding common and preferred shares on a fully diluted basis of COMPANY pursuant to an agreed upon stock purchase agreement between COMPANY and JHU.

Company shall pay to JHU minimum annual royalties as set forth in Exhibit A.

As consideration for JHU's grant of a License to Company under this Agreement, Company shall pay to JHU a license fee, cash and equity, as set forth in Exhibit A within thirty (30) days of the EFFECTIVE DATE.

The minimum annual royalties pursuant to the Agreement are: 1st anniversary of the EFFECTIVE DATE and each subsequent anniversary of the EFFECTIVE DATE during the term: Three-thousand dollars ($3000)

Company shall pay to JHU minimum annual royalties as set forth in Exhibit A.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to non-exclusive license agreements executed prior to the EFFECTIVE DATE, JHU hereby grants to the Company a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to make, have made, import, offer for sale and sell the LICENSED PRODUCT(S) and the LICENSED SERVICE(S) in the United States and worldwide under the PATENT RIGHT(S) in the LICENSED FIELD.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to non-exclusive license agreements executed prior to the EFFECTIVE DATE, JHU hereby grants to the Company a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to make, have made, import, offer for sale and sell the LICENSED PRODUCT(S) and the LICENSED SERVICE(S) in the United States and worldwide under the PATENT RIGHT(S) in the LICENSED FIELD.

JHU shall have the right to audit any and all Company records related to this Agreement.

The Company shall make and retain, for a period of three (3) years following the period of each report required by Paragraph 4.4, true and accurate records, files and books of account containing all the data reasonably required for the full computation and verification of sales and other information required in Paragraph 4.4.

The Company shall permit the inspection and copying of such records, files and books of account by JHU or its agents during regular business hours upon ten (10) business days' written notice to the Company.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, JHU ADDITIONALLY DISCLAIMS ALL OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITIES ON THE PART OF JHU AND INVENTORS, FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ATTORNEYS' AND EXPERTS' FEES, AND COURT COSTS (EVEN IF JHU HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, FEES OR COSTS), ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MANUFACTURE, USE, OR SALE OF THE LICENSED PRODUCTS AND LICENSED SERVICES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

COMPANY will pay JHU a fee equal one percent (1%) of the Aggregate Consideration received by the COMPANY, or the total amount received by stockholders of COMPANY, upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event.

JHU shall be listed as an additional insured in Company's said insurance policies

Prior to first commercial sale of any LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S) as the case may be in any particular country, Company shall establish and maintain, in each country in which Company shall sell LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S), product liability or other appropriate insurance coverage appropriate to the risks involved in marketing LICENSED PRODUCT(S) and/or LICENSED SERVICE(S) and will annually present evidence to JHU that such coverage is being maintained

Upon JHU's request, Company will furnish JHU with a Certificate of Insurance of each product liability insurance policy obtained.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT, d

Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, Inc.

Farids

EA

Edible Arrangements, LLC

Farids & Co. LLC

Company

December 20, 2019

The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).

This Joinder Agreement and the rights of the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein.

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and wholly performed within such state, except for matters directly within the purview of the DGCL, which shall be governed by the DGCL.

Each of EA, Farids and the Company shall not, and shall cause their respective controlled Affiliates to not, either directly or indirectly solicit, hire, or contract with any of the employees of the other party or its Affiliates during the Term (as defined in the Exclusive Supplier Operating Agreement) and for one (1) year following the termination or expiration thereof; provided that this Section 8.9(a) shall not apply with respect to any such employee who employment with the other party and its Affiliates has been terminated for a period in excess of nine (9) months.

Neither the Farids Group nor any of its Affiliates shall in any manner, directly or indirectly, in any capacity or manner, make or cause to be made, or in any way encourage any other person to make or cause to be made, any public statement or public announcement, including in any document or report filed with or furnished to the SEC or through the press, media, analysts or other persons, that constitutes an ad hominem attack on or otherwise disparages, defames or slanders the Company or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective successors or current or former members, partners, officers, directors or employees; provided, that, the limitations set forth in this Section 8.8(b) shall not prevent the Farids Group or any of its Affiliates from (i) responding to any statement made by the Company or any of its Affiliates or representatives that was made in breach of Section 8.8(a) above or (ii) if solicited by a Third Party, making objective statements that reflect the Farids Group's or any of its Affiliates' view with respect to factual matters concerning specific acts or determinations of the Company, any of its Affiliates or any current or former representatives of the Company or any of its Affiliates occurring after the date hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, a public statement or announcement shall only be deemed to be made by the Farids Group or any of its Affiliates if such public statement or announcement is made by (X) a Farids manager, director or executive officer or an EA manager, director or executive officer (Y) an employee or representative of Farids or EA authorized to make such statement or announcement on behalf of Farids or EA, as applicable.

Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall in any manner, directly or indirectly, in any capacity or manner, make or cause to be made, or in any way encourage any other person to make or cause to be made, any public statement or public announcement, including in any document or report filed with or furnished to the SEC or through the press, media, analysts or other persons, that constitutes an ad hominem attack on or otherwise disparages, defames or slanders the Farids Group or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective successors or current or former members, partners, officers, directors or employees (it being understood and agreed that the restrictions in this Section 8.8(a) shall not apply to any member of the Board of Directors based upon discussions solely among other members of the Board of Directors and/or management of the Company); provided, that the limitations set forth in this Section 8.8(a) shall not prevent the Company or any of its Affiliates from (i) responding to any public statement or announcement made by the Farids Group or any of its Affiliates that was made in breach of Section 8.8(b) below or (ii) if solicited by a Third Party, making objective statements that reflect the Company's view with respect to factual matters concerning specific acts or determinations of the Farids Group or any of its Affiliates (or their respective current or former representatives) occurring after the date hereof.

If the Farids Group determines for any reason not to proceed with any proposed registration requested pursuant to Section 6.1, the Farids Group shall promptly notify the Company in writing.

If by the expiration of the ROFR Transfer Period, the Farids Group has not completed the Transfer of the ROFR Shares, in order for the Farids Group to Transfer such ROFR Shares (or any other Shares) it shall be necessary for a new ROFO Sale Notice or ROFR Sale Notice to be delivered, and the terms and provisions of this Article VII to be again complied with.

In the event that Company does not timely delivery a ROFR Purchase Notice, the Farids Group may sell the ROFR Shares to the proposed transferee identified in the ROFR Sale Notice at the ROFR Sale Price and on the other terms and conditions set forth in the ROFR Sale Documentation no later than three (3) business days following the date the Farids Group proposed to effect such Transfer in the ROFR Sale Notice (the "ROFR Transfer Period").

The closing of the purchase of such ROFO Shares by the Company and/or any such designee shall take place no later than five (5) business days after delivery of the ROFO Purchase Notice, with payment for such ROFO Shares being made concurrently with such purchase to the Farids Group's account designated in the ROFO Sale Notice.

Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 5.1 of this Agreement and Section 2.3 of the Warrant, in the event any member of the Farids Group proposes to Transfer (other than a Permitted Transfer) (i) a Threshold Block, in a transaction or series of related transactions, that, to the Farids Group's knowledge (after due inquiry in connection with a private, non-open market transaction) is to a Person whom the Company reasonably determines is a direct or indirect material competitor of the Company or any Affiliate of such Person or (ii) a Significant Block, in a transaction or series of related transactions, that, to the Farids Group's knowledge (after due inquiry in connection with a private, non-open market transaction) is to a Person whom the Company reasonably determines is a direct or indirect material competitor of the Company or any Affiliate of such Person (in each case, regardless of whether such Transfer will constitute a 144 Sale), the Farids Group shall furnish to the Company a written notice of such proposed Transfer (a "ROFR Sale Notice") at least (5) business days prior to the business day that the Farids Group proposes to effect such Transfer.

If by the expiration of the ROFO Transfer Period, the Farids Group has not completed the Transfer of any ROFO Shares at the ROFO Sales Price or a higher price, in order for the Farids Group to Transfer such ROFO Shares (or any other Shares) it shall be necessary for a new ROFO Sale Notice or ROFR Sale Notice to be delivered, and the terms and provisions of this Article VII to be again complied with.

The Farids Group shall not deliver more than one ROFR Sale Notice or ROFO Sale Notice in any thirty (30) day period.

In the event that the number of ROFO Shares offered to be purchased in the ROFO Purchase Notice is less than the number of ROFO Shares set forth in the Sale Notice (or the Company does not timely deliver a ROFO Purchase Notice), the Farids Group may sell the ROFO Shares that are not subject to any such ROFO Purchase Notice during the five (5) day business day period beginning on the date in the ROFO Sale Notice on which the Farids Group proposed to begin to effect such 144 Sale (the "ROFO Transfer Period"); provided that no such ROFO Share may be sold for less than the ROFO Sale Price.

If the Company does not timely deliver a ROFR Purchase Notice it shall be deemed to have waived all of its rights with respect to the offer contained in the ROFR Sale Notice.

If the Company wishes to purchase (and/or cause a designee to purchase) all of the ROFR Shares at the ROFR Sale Price, the Company shall deliver a notice (a "ROFR Purchase Notice") to the Farids Group within three (3) business day after receipt of the ROFR Sale Notice. The closing of the purchase of such ROFR Shares by the Company and/or any such designee shall take place no later than the later of (i) the purchase date set forth in the ROFR Sale Documentation and (ii) five (5) business days after delivery of the ROFR Purchase Notice, with payment for such ROFR Shares being made concurrently with such purchase to the Farids Group's account designated in the ROFR Sale Notice.

Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 5.1 of this Agreement and Section 2.3 of the Warrant, in the event any member of the Farids Group proposes to Transfer (other than a Permitted Transfer) a Threshold Block, in a transaction or series of related transactions, of Shares in a 144 Sale, the Farids Group shall furnish to the Company a written notice of such proposed Transfer (a "ROFO Sale Notice") at least 48 hours prior to the opening of trading on the Nasdaq Global Market (or such other primary stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is listed) on the business day that the Farids Group proposes to begin to effect such 144 Sale.

The Farids Group shall not deliver more than one ROFO Sale Notice or ROFR Sale Notice in any thirty (30) day period.

The ROFO Sale Notice shall include: (i) (A) the number of Shares proposed to be sold (the "ROFO Shares"), (B) the per share purchase price in cash at which the Farids Group is prepared to Transfer such ROFO Shares (the "ROFO Sale Price") and (C) the date the Farids Group proposes to begin to effect such 144 Sale; and (ii) (ii) an offer to sell to the Company and/or a designee of the Company all or a portion of the ROFO Shares at the ROFO Sale Price.

If the Company wishes to purchase (and/or cause a designee to purchase) all or a portion of the ROFO Shares at the ROFO Sale Price, the Company shall deliver a notice (a "ROFO Purchase Notice") to the Farids Group no later 8:00 a.m. New York time on the business day that the Farids Group proposes to effect such 144 Sale specifying the number of ROFO Shares it wishes to purchase (and/or cause a designee to purchase) from the Farids Group

The ROFR Sale Notice shall include: (i) (A) the identity of the proposed transferee, (B) the purchase agreement and other documentation for the proposed Transfer (the "ROFR Sale Documentation"), (C) the number of Shares proposed to be sold (the "ROFR Shares"), (D) the per share purchase price in cash at which the Farids Group is prepared to Transfer such ROFR Shares (the "ROFR Sale Price") and (E) the date the Farids Group proposes to effect such Transfer; and 28





(ii) an offer to sell to the Company and/or a designee of the Company all of the ROFR Shares at the ROFR Sale Price.

If the Company does not timely deliver a ROFO Purchase Notice it shall be deemed to have waived all of its rights with respect to the offer contained in the ROFO Sale Notice.

The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, provided, that, unless in connection with Permitted Transfers, neither party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to any person without the express written consent of the other party hereto and any such assignment or other transfer shall be null and void; provided, further, that no such assignment shall relieve the assigning party of its obligations hereunder if such assignee does not perform such obligations.

(a) Each of EA, Farids and the Company shall not, and shall cause their respective controlled Affiliates to not, either directly or indirectly solicit, hire, or contract with any of the employees of the other party or its Affiliates during the Term (as defined in the Exclusive Supplier Operating Agreement) and for one (1) year following the termination or expiration thereof; provided that this Section 8.9(a) shall not apply with respect to any such employee who employment with the other party and its Affiliates has been terminated for a period in excess of nine (9) months.

The Company agrees that, in the event it exercises its rights under this Section 6.4(c), it shall (i) promptly notify the Farids Group of the termination or expiration of any Suspension Period, (ii) within thirty (30) days after delivery of the notice referred to above (unless a longer period is consented to by the Farids Group), resume the process of filing or request for effectiveness, or update the suspended registration statement, as the case may be, as may be necessary to permit the Farids Group to offer and sell its Registrable Securities in accordance with applicable Law and (iii) if an Eligible Registration Statement that was already effective had been suspended as result of the exercise of such rights by the Company, promptly notify the Farids Group after the termination or expiration of any Suspension Period of the applicable time period during which the Eligible Registration Statement is to remain effective, which shall be extended by a period of time equal to the duration of the Suspension Period.

On or prior to the date of this Agreement or TF's election to the Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting, as applicable, the Company shall have (x) nominated TF for election to the Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting, (y) entered into an Indemnification Agreement with TF as the Director Designee and (z) taken all necessary action for TF to be covered by the Company's existing directors' liability insurance policy.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

Client

Vitamin Shoppe Industries Inc.

Excite

Excite, Inc.

23rd day of September 1998

23rd day of September 1998

Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the                           specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this                           Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not                           end until Excite displays a total of [*****]                           impressions of the Client advertising banners and                           promotional placements on the Excite Network as                           described in this Agreement and pushes [*****]                           emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit                           B

This Agreement will be governed by                           and construed in accordance with the laws of the                           State of California, notwithstanding the actual state                           or country of residence or incorporation of Excite or                           Client.

Neither party may assign this Agreement,                           in whole or in part, without the other party's                           written consent (which will not be unreasonably                           withheld or delayed), except that no such consent                           will be required in connection with (i) a merger,                           reorganization or sale of all, or substantially all,                           of such party's assets or its

Any attempt to                           assign this Agreement other than as permitted above                           will be null and void.

Internet business assets (ii) either party's                           assignment and/or delegation of its rights and





                       responsibilities hereunder to a wholly-owned                           subsidiary or affiliate or joint venture in which the                           assigning party holds an interest.

c)       Each party hereby grants to the other a                           non-exclusive, limited license to use its trademarks,                           service marks or trade names only as specifically                           described in this Agreement.

g)       User Data will be owned by Client, and subject to the                           limitations contained herein, Client grants to Excite                           a non-exclusive license to use the User Data for the                           purposes of this Agreement.

EXCEPT UNDER SECTIONS 13(a) AND 13(b), THE LIABILITY OF EITHER                  PARTY FOR DAMAGES OR ALLEGED DAMAGES HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN                  CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO, AND                  WILL NOT EXCEED, THE AMOUNTS TO BE PAID BY CLIENT TO EXCITE                  HEREUNDER.

EXCEPT UNDER SECTIONS 13(a) AND 13(b), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER                  PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR                  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT,                  TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT THAT                  PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.                  EXCEPT UNDER SECTIONS 13(a) AND 13(b), THE LIABILITY OF EITHER                  PARTY FOR DAMAGES OR ALLEGED DAMAGES HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN                  CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO, AND                  WILL NOT EXCEED, THE AMOUNTS TO BE PAID BY CLIENT TO EXCITE                  HEREUNDER.

Services Agreement

StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc.

Solutions Vending International, Inc

"Customer" or "you"

Company

08/19/2019

This Services Agreement ("Services Agreement" or "Agreement") is entered into as of the date noted below (the "Effective Date") between StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Company"), and Solutions Vending International, Inc a ___ DE corporation ("Customer" or "you").

08/19/2019

Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.

EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Erchonia Corporation

Distributor

InnerScope Hearing Technologies Inc

Erchonia

Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.

This agreement shall automatically renew for a period of three (3) years and upon the parties mutual agreement on new minimum performance goals for the renewal period.

This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the United States and the State of Florida, except for conflict of laws provisions.

During the term of this agreement, Distributor shall not market, sell advertise or promote the sale or use of any product or device which is competitive with or substantially similar to the Products, without the prior express written consent of Erchonia, nor shall they assist any third party in doing so.

Subject to the terms set forth in this agreement, Erchonia grants Distributor the exclusive, non- transferable right and license to promote, distribute and sell the Products identified in Exhibit A to those type of customer specified in Exhibit B and only within the Territory specified in Exhibit B.

Distributor shall not do anything which is contrary to or which in Erchonia's reasonable business judgment is harmful to its honor, goodwill or reputation.

Distributor may not assign to any person any duties or obligations arising under this Agreement without Erchonia's prior written consent (which consent may be withheld in Erchonia's sole discretion).

Erchonia may not assign any duties or obligations arising under this Agreement, except to a successor who acquires substantially all of the assets of Erchonia.

Minimum Performance won't be determined until FDA 50k market clearance is obtained.

Failure to meet these minimum performance goals for any period, shall, at Erchonia's option (i) be considered a breach of this agreement for which Erchonia shall have all the rights and remedies provided for herein upon a breach of this agreement, including termination of this agreement, or (ii) shall give Erchonia to terminate or limit the exclusivity provisions of this agreement

Distributor agrees that during the term of this agreement it meet the minimum performance goals set forth in Exhibit C to this agreement.

In addition, Erchonia may require reasonable minimum purchasing requirements for each run of private labeled products.

Distributor shall promptly inform Erchonia of any suggested modifications or improvements to the Products and shall, upon Erchonia's request and at Erchonia's expense, execute any documents necessary or appropriate to assign or confirm that all intellectual property rights in any modification

or improvement related to the Products are fully vested in Erchonia.

Distributor shall only distribute or sell the Products to customers who are licensed health care professionals and meet the other requirements set forth in Exhibit B.

Subject to the terms set forth in this agreement, Erchonia grants Distributor the exclusive, non- transferable right and license to promote, distribute and sell the Products identified in Exhibit A to those type of customer specified in Exhibit B and only within the Territory specified in Exhibit B.

During the term of this Agreement, Erchonia grants Distributor a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Trademarks for advertising and promotion of Products.

Distributor shall not sell or export the Products outside the United States without prior written consent of Erchonia.

Subject to the terms set forth in this agreement, Erchonia grants Distributor the exclusive, non- transferable right and license to promote, distribute and sell the Products identified in Exhibit A to those type of customer specified in Exhibit B and only within the Territory specified in Exhibit B.

During the term of this Agreement, Erchonia grants Distributor a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Trademarks for advertising and promotion of Products.

All such information shall be available for inspection by Erchonia, upon reasonable notice.

IN NO EVENT SHALL Erchonia BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CLAIMS ARISING FROM MALFUNCTION OR DEFECTS IN THE PRODUCTS.

EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

A3 DEVELOPMENT GROUP, LLC

Distributor

SMART RX SYSTEMS, INC.

Company

17t h day of May, 2017

This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.

This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.

This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.

This Distributor Agreement shall be exclusively governed, construed, enforced and controlled by the laws of the United States of America and of the State of Texas.

Company agrees that no other Distributor will be appointed in any other state as a Distributor unless it is either the Company or Distributor, save and except for the state of Florida.

Company hereby appoints Distributor as Company's exclusive Distributor for the State of Texas, and Distributor accepts the appointment and agrees to represent the Products within the Territory.

Termination by Company under this Section 12.2 shall be effective sixty (60) days following Company's giving of notice to Distributor if the occurrence giving rise to the right of termination has not been cured, or immediately in the event of a breach of Section 6 regarding Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information or Section 7.1 regarding conduct injurious to Company's reputation.

However, conduct which Company, in its discretion, deems detrimental to Company's image or reputation, shall be grounds for termination of this Agreement, upon reasonable notice and the failure to cure such behavior by Distributor.

The Payment(s) to Distributor or its Assignee, as set forth herein, shall be further set forth in each Class A Series Agreement, along with the respective ownership interest for both the Company and the Distributor (or its Assignee) for each respective Kiosk Location which shall have its own separate Series, as defined by the Texas Business Organizations Code for Series Limited Liability Companies, and as set forth in the Company's Operating Agreement.

For each Customer Kiosk contracted and implemented by Distributor, Company shall also pay a management fee of 40% of Net Income (Net Income for this purpose is defined as EBITDA less percentage paid to the client.

The balance is then split 40%/60% to A3 Development Group, LLC and Smart RX Systems, Inc. respectively).

(Master Distributor Override ("MDO") shall mean Total Revenue per Customer Kiosk Location collected by SRXS from third party payors and patient cash payments

Company will pay Distributor (or its Assignee) Ten Percent (10%) of the Master Distributor Override generated by each Customer Kiosk Location.

For the term of this Agreement, Company grants Distributor a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive license under Company's copyrights to use the Company Products at Distributor's facilities in the Territory solely for marketing and support purposes directly related to the performance of its duties under this Agreement.

For the term of this Agreement, Company grants Distributor a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive license under Company's copyrights to use the Company Products at Distributor's facilities in the Territory solely for marketing and support purposes directly related to the performance of its duties under this Agreement.

Company Obligations. (i) Immediately cease all representation of an existing relationship with Distributor; (ii) All medication inventory is owned by Smart RX Systems, Inc. only; and (iii) Distributor shall continue to receive Net Income per Customer location for so long as Customer continues to utilize the Products.

These records shall be available for examination during normal business hours by accountants representing the other Party, who shall be entitled to perform an audit and to make copies and extracts, and receive any explanations that may reasonably be requested.

The Company agrees that it shall: (i) comply with the laws and regulations that govern its business; (ii) carry reasonable amounts of insurance, whether through self-insurance or otherwise, to cover its responsibilities with respect to indemnification under Section 9 below.

Distributor acknowledges that Company owns and retains all copyrights and other proprietary rights in all the Products, and agrees that it will not at any time during or after the term of this Agreement assert or claim any interest in or do anything that may adversely affect the validity or enforceability of any trademark, trade name, copyright or logo belonging to or licensed to Company (including without limitation any act, or assistance to any act, which may infringe or lead to the infringement of any copyright in the Products)

Supply Agreement

Ferrer Internacional, S.A.

CUTANEA and Ferrer taken together hereinafter are referred to as "PARTIES".

Cutanea Life Sciences, Inc.

CUTANEA

hereinafter indistinctly referred to as "Ferrer" and/or "Supplier"

this ____ day of March, 2018

this ____ day of March, 2018

This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without reference to any principles of conflicts of law thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Supplier agrees that it will, on a non-exclusive basis (but exclusive for supply of the Product in the United States of America including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands), Manufacture (directly or through a designee) for and provide and supply to CUTANEA, and CUTANEA agrees that it will purchase exclusively from Supplier, all of its requirements of the Products as follows: Supplier shall supply Products in accordance with the Specifications and in sufficient quantity to meet CUTANEA's Forecasted Needs for the length of this Agreement. All deviations from the Specifications must be approved by CUTANEA, in writing, prior to Supplier Manufacturing the Product.

Supplier will use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver Product to CUTANEA with minimum expiry dating remaining of [***]% of the approved shelf-life.

Each of Supplier and CUTANEA shall maintain and keep in force at its sole cost and expense throughout the Term of this Agreement and for three years following the effective date of expiration or termination hereof (if such policies are on a claims made basis), Commercial General Liability Insurance from carriers having an A. M. Best rating of A, including Product Recall, Bodily Injury and Property Damage Insurance, with a combined single limit of not less than $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate annually (this limit can be secured via a combination of primary and excess/umbrella policies).

For the avoidance of doubt, this restricted annual audit shall not apply to for-cause audits, which may be conducted at any time.

Such inspection shall be undertaken by an independent public accountant or accounting firm appointed by the requesting party and about whom the other party does not express a legitimate concern.

Supplier shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to permit CUTANEA to have access to Supplier's (and its agents' and subcontractors') facilities upon reasonable notice, during normal business hours for any reasonable purpose, including compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices and the Act.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, but subject to the Quality Agreement, Supplier shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to permit CUTANEA to conduct, once annually during the Term, one quality assurance and Manufacturing costs audit for any reasonable purpose, including access to those portions of Supplier's (and its agent's and subcontractor's) facilities where services are conducted under this Agreement, upon reasonable advance notice and at reasonable times during regular business hours (an "Annual Audit").

Both parties must also (1) make and keep books, records and accounts, which, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the company, (2) devise and maintain a system of internal accounting controls, and (3) at any time a party so requests in writing, but no more than once a year, grant to the other party commercially reasonable access to said books, records, systems and accounts to verify compliance.

Supplier shall not charge CUTANEA for time and expenses incurred by Supplier (or its agents and subcontractors) in connection with an Annual Audit.

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT.

Neither party shall be liable to the other party for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive or exemplary damages arising out of or relating to the suspension or termination of any of its obligations or duties under this Agreement by reason of the occurrence of Force Majeure.

THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY PROVIDED HEREIN.

Each party agrees to provide the other party with a Certificate of Insurance evidencing such coverage, naming the other party as an additional insured.

In addition, each of the Parties shall maintain and keep in force at its sole cost and expense throughout the Term of this Agreement and for three years following the effective date of expiration or termination hereof (if such policies are on a claims made basis), Product Liability Insurance from carriers having an A.M. Best rating of A with a combined single limit of not less than $[***] per occurrence and in the aggregate annually.

Each of Supplier and CUTANEA shall maintain and keep in force at its sole cost and expense throughout the Term of this Agreement and for three years following the effective date of expiration or termination hereof (if such policies are on a claims made basis), Commercial General Liability Insurance from carriers having an A. M. Best rating of A, including Product Recall, Bodily Injury and Property Damage Insurance, with a combined single limit of not less than $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate annually (this limit can be secured via a combination of primary and excess/umbrella policies). I

Each party agrees to give the other party written notice, promptly, of any material change in or cancellation of coverages or limits.

In addition, if and for so long as Supplier utilizes any subcontractor(s) or agents to provide services hereunder, Supplier will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such subcontractor to hold, at least, the minimum insurance coverages listed above.

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Consultant

CORAL GOLD RESOURCES LTD.

INTERMARK CAPITAL CORP.

Company

1st day of February, 2020

the Effective Date of this Agreement shall be February 1, 2020, despite the actual date of execution of this Agreement.

The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.

Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties, the Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, and the parties hereto submit and attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of British Columbia.

The Consultant covenants, undertakes and agrees with the Company that during the Term and for a period of one year from the date of expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, it shall not, on its own behalf or on behalf of any person, whether directly or indirectly, in any capacity whatsoever, offer employment to or solicit the employment of or otherwise entice away from the employment of the Company or any of the Affiliated Companies, any individual who is employed or engaged by the Company or any of the Affiliated Companies at the date of expiration or termination of this Agreement or who was employed or engaged by the Company or any of the Affiliated Companies, within the one year period immediately preceding the date of expiration or termination of this Agreement, as applicable.

This Agreement can be terminated at any time prior to the expiry of the Term, as follows: (a) by the Consultant electing to give the Company not less than 3 months prior notice of such termination;

(b) by the Company electing to give the Consultant 3 months prior notice of such termination along with a termination payment equal to the annual Consulting Fee;

(c) by the Consultant electing to give the Company notice, in the event that there occurs a Change of Control (as defined below) within six (6) months of the effective date of such Change of Control, and if the Consultant so elects to terminate this Agreement, then the Consultant will be immediately entitled to a termination payment equal to CDN$750,000;

This Agreement can be terminated at any time prior to the expiry of the Term, as follows:

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights of any of the parties under this Agreement shall be assigned without thewritten consent of all the parties.

The Consultant agrees that all discoveries, maps, technical studies, plans, spreadsheets, documents, inventions, copyright, software, improvements, know-how or other intellectual property, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, created by the Consultant during the Term of this Agreement pertaining to any service, matter, thing, process or method related to this Agreement (the "Works") will be the sole and absolute property of the Company.

The Consultant will assist the Company in obtaining and enforcing, for the Company's own benefit, patents, copyrights and any other protections in any and all countries for any and all Works made by the Consultant (in whole or in part) the rights to which belong to or have been assigned to the Company.

On any termination of this Agreement under Section 5.l (a), (b), or (c) all outstanding stock options granted to the Consultant shall be exercisable in accordance with the terms of the option agreements covering such grants

Neither the Company nor the Consultant shall be liable for any consequential loss, including but not limited to, claims for loss of profit, revenue or capital, loss of use of utilities, equipment or facilities, down-time cost, service interruption, cost of money, injury or damage of any character whatsoever.

This Agreement can be terminated at any time prior to the expiry of the Term, as follows:

(b) by the Company electing to give the Consultant 3 months prior notice of such termination along with a termination payment equal to the annual Consulting Fee;

(c) by the Consultant electing to give the Company notice, in the event that there occurs a Change of Control (as defined below) within six (6) months of the effective date of such Change of Control, and if the Consultant so elects to terminate this Agreement, then the Consultant will be immediately entitled to a termination payment equal to CDN$750,000;

FIRST AMENDMENT TO SUPPLY AND MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT

Porex Corporation

Cerus Corporation

Cerus

Porex

22 day of June 2018

April 1, 2018

AGENTS' CERTIFICATE

Corporation

Tribute Pharmaceuticals Inc.

U.S. registered broker-dealer affiliate of the Agen

Agent

[ ]

U.S. Affiliate

, 2015.

JOINT FILING AGREEMENT

MEZZANINE PARTNERS II OFFSHORE LUX S. R.L

MEZZANINE PARTNERS II ONSHORE LUX S. R.L

MEZZANINE PARTNERS - OFFSHORE INVESTMENT MASTER FUND II, L.P.

HPS MEZZANINE PARTNERS II OFFSHORE GP, L.P.

HPS INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLC

MEZZANINE PARTNERS II OFFSHORE LUX S. R.L II

MEZZANINE PARTNERS II ONSHORE LUX S. R.L II

HPS MEZZANINE PARTNERS II, LLC

HPS MEZZANINE PARTNERS II GP, L.P.

MEZZANINE PARTNERS II, L.P.

July 6, 2020

CO-BRANDING CONTENT AGREEMENT

MEDIALINX INTERACTIVE, L.P.

MLX

HCI

HEALTHCENTRAL.COM INC.

30th day of June 1999

The Parties have agreed that they will mutually approve the design of the      Co-Branded Site and that the launch date of the Co-Branded Site shall be      September 1st, 1999 unless mutually extended by the Parties as agreed to in      writing.

The effective date of the start of the Term will be from the Launch Date.

The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the Parties agree to abide by the jurisdiction of the Courts of Ontario.

During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of six (6) months thereafter, MediaLinx shall not use or publicly disclose the data collected from users of the Co-Branded Site if such use is for the purpose of providing health information, advertisements, or products that compete with those that reside on the Co-Branded Site.

Neither party shall permit advertising on the Co-Branded Site from an entity which is a competitor to the other party.

During the Term of the Agreement, and subject to the following requirements respecting Canadian content levels as set out in paragraphs 3(f), (g) and (h), HCI shall be the exclusive health content partner in the health section of the Sympatico web site, provided however, that nothing contained herein shall prevent MediaLinx from entering into an agreement with other parties for: i) a health based web directory; or ii) other health related content whose content does not compete with the content contained on the Co-Branded Site; which in no event shall receive no more than one fifth (1/5th) of the promotion and which shall constitute no more than one fifth (1/5th) of the total health related content which resides on the home page of the Sympatico Health section.

If, at any time during the Term of this Agreement, HCI fails to meet the content requirements set out in paragraphs 3(f), (g) and (h), HCI shall no longer be entitled to be the exclusive health content partner in the health section of the Sympatico web site.

HCI shall not either directly or indirectly license or deliver content to or carry on or be engaged with any other Canadian portal web site, being a Web site which aggregates and markets a variety of content directed to multiple communities of interest and which offers products,

Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999





tools and services to a broad base of Canadian end users.

If, at any time during the Term of this Agreement, HCI fails to meet the content requirements set out in paragraphs 3(f), (g) and (h), HCI shall no longer be entitled to be the exclusive health content partner in the health section of the Sympatico web site.

Either party may terminate this Agreement upon 30 days written notice if      either Party's corporate structure has undergone a material ownership      change such that its corporate interests are then in conflict with the      corporate interests of the other Party;

Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party shall be permitted to assign this Agreement and any of its rights and obligations hereunder to an affiliate or related company or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of its Internet business, without obtaining the prior written consent of the other party.

Except as provided in this Section, neither Party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

HCI shall be entitled to all net revenue generated from advertising and e-      commerce transactions generated by Canadian companies that may take place      on the Co-Branded Site up to and including [*] US in any given year.

Thereafter, any net revenues exceeding [*] US shall be shared fifty-fifty      between the parties (50% MediaLinx--50% HCI).

MLX will use all commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the user traffic at a monthly minimum of:

 .  [*] page views three (3) months after the launch of the Co-Branded Site;

 .  [*] page views six (6) months after the launch of the Co-Branded Site; and

 .  [*] page views twelve (12) months after the launch of the Co-Branded Site.

During the Term of this Agreement MLX shall:

l)   grant to MLX, to the extent that MLX requires access to HCI logos and      trademarks (collectively "HCI Marks") the use of certain HCI Marks as      necessary for the purposes of fulfilling its obligations under this      Agreement.

During the Term of this Agreement HCI shall:

c)   grant to HCI, a non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use MediaLinx      images and certain content contained in the HealthyWay web site (the      "Sympatico Content") for the sole purpose of satisfying the requirements of      this Agreement. MediaLinx shall retain all right, title to and interest in      the Sympatico Content;

d)   grant to HCI, to the extent that HCI requires access to MLX logos and      trademarks (collectively "MLX Marks") the use of certain MLX Marks as      necessary for the purposes of fulfilling its obligations under this      Agreement.

During the Term of this Agreement MLX shall:

c)   grant to HCI, a non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use MediaLinx      images and certain content contained in the HealthyWay web site (the      "Sympatico Content") for the sole purpose of satisfying the requirements of      this Agreement. MediaLinx shall retain all right, title to and interest in      the Sympatico Content;

Either Party shall have the      right from time to time to audit and make extracts of the books and records      of the other, insofar as said books or records pertain to the terms of this      Agreement.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO THE INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS IN SECTION 14, THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 16, AND THE YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 20, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE,

                                                                              10

STRICT LIABILITY, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE OR GOODWILL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO THE INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS IN SECTION 14, THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 16, AND THE YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 20, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE,

                                                                              10

STRICT LIABILITY, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE OR GOODWILL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

not to contest the validity of the HCI Marks or HCI's title              thereto;

HCI agrees:

     (i)     that MLX is the owner of the MLX Marks and the goodwill and              reputation associated therewith;

     (ii)    not to contest the validity of the MLX Marks or MLX's title              thereto;

Without      limiting the generality of the foregoing, MLX agrees:

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

Stallings Capital Group Consultants, Ltd.

GAINSCO, INC.

Racing

Sponsor

January 1, 2010

January 1, 2010

Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on  January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to  principles of conflict of laws.

The Sponsor acknowledges that Racing has arranged and may arrange in the future for other sponsors  for the Racing Team. Racing agrees that, during the term of this Agreement, (i) Sponsor shall have the right to approve or disapprove any  additional sponsor identified by Racing, and (ii) unless another proposed sponsor has agreed to pay a sponsorship fee that exceeds the amount  paid by Sponsor, no other sponsor shall receive any benefit of greater value (including either an equivalent or a more prominent use of another  sponsor's name, logo or other identifying information) than the Benefits provided to the Sponsor hereunder.

(v) prohibiting the endorsement by Racing and any members of Racing, including the drivers, of any entities, products or  services which are in direct competition or otherwise inconsistent with the Sponsor or it products or services, unless such  endorsement activity is approved in writing by Racing and the Sponsor;

Subject to payment by the Sponsor of the sponsorship fee provided for herein, during the term of this  Agreement Racing shall cause the Racing Team to provide for the Sponsor's benefit all of the benefits customarily associated with the  sponsorship of a Daytona Prototype Series racing team and consistent with the benefits provided to the Sponsor in 2005 - 2009 (individually, a  "Benefit," and collectively, the "Benefits"), including but not limited to the following:

The Sponsor shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on written  notice to Racing if any driver, the general manager or any other member of Racing

(iii)  disparages the products or services of the Sponsor

Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1 hereof, the Sponsor shall have the right at any time prior to  December 31, 2010 to terminate this Agreement by giving written notice of such termination to Racing.

Neither party shall assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party.

Racing represents to the Sponsor that the Sponsor's aggregate obligation hereunder  will not exceed the amount of the sponsorship fee set forth in Section 3 hereof (or such lesser amount as is payable by the Sponsor in the event  that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof), plus, if applicable, collection costs that may be reasonably incurred by Racing in  a legal proceeding to collect all or any part thereof (the "Maximum Obligation").

Racing shall obtain and maintain pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, at its sole expense, the following types of insurance coverage,  with minimum limits as set forth below:

(i) Commercial General Liability covering liability arising from premises, operations, independent contractors, personal and advertising injury  and contractual liability$5,000,000 each occurrence.

Racing shall obtain and maintain pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, at its sole expense, the following types of insurance coverage,  with minimum limits as set forth below:

(i) Commercial General Liability covering liability arising from premises, operations, independent contractors, personal and advertising injury  and contractual liability$5,000,000 each occurrence.      3





(ii) Racing Owners' Sponsors (Spectators) Legal Liability including Participant Legal Liability$5,000,000 each occurrence.

(iii) Business Automobile Liability covering all owned, hired and non-owned vehicles$5,000,000 each occurrence, including statutory  coverages for all states of operations.

(iv) Workers Compensationstatutory limits for all states of operation.

(v) Employers Liability$5,000,000 each employee for bodily injury by accident and $500,000 each employee for bodily injury by disease.

Racing shall provide the Sponsor with a certificate of insurance evidence compliance with the insurance requirements set forth above.  Certificates shall provide that "Gainsco Inc. and all related entities" shall be named as additional insureds on all liability policies, stating that such  insurance is primary in coverage to any other insurance which may be available to the Sponsor, and providing at least thirty (30) days' prior  written notice to the Sponsor of termination, cancellation, modification or material change to the policy.

Racing shall also provide comprehensive (fire and theft) and collision  insurance on each vehicle used in the Business.

Racing shall obtain and maintain, at Racing's expense, comprehensive automobile liability insurance covering all owned, non-owned and  hired vehicles used by Racing in the Business with limits of not less than $5,000,000 per occurrence combined single limit for personal injury and  property damage, including all statutory coverage for all states of operation.

Racing shall provide the Sponsor a certificate of insurance evidencing "Gainsco Inc. and all  related entities" as additional insureds, stating that such insurance is primary in coverage to any other insurance which may be available the  Sponsor, and providing at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the Sponsor of cancellation, modification or material change to the policy.

By  requiring insurance herein, the Sponsor does not represent that coverage limits will necessarily be adequate to protect Racing.

(ii) Racing Owners' Sponsors (Spectators) Legal Liability including Participant Legal Liability$5,000,000 each occurrence.

(iii) Business Automobile Liability covering all owned, hired and non-owned vehicles$5,000,000 each occurrence, including statutory  coverages for all states of operations.

(iv) Workers Compensationstatutory limits for all states of operation.

(v) Employers Liability$5,000,000 each employee for bodily injury by accident and $500,000 each employee for bodily injury by disease.

All policies of insurance procured by Racing herein shall be written as primary policies, not contributing with or in excess of coverage that the  Sponsor may carry. If Racing's liability policies do not contain the standard separation of insureds provision, or a substantially similar clause, they  shall be endorsed to provide cross-liability coverage.

Strategic Alliance Agreement

Seminole Indian Company

Turnkey Capital Inc.

TKCI

SIC

30th day of June 2017

30th day of June 2017

The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida.

TKCI will have First Right of Refusal with regard to any sale or disposition of any part or the whole of companies or projects developed in relationship with this alliance.

Net revenue from business operations created by Holding Company for the alliance will be distributed by Holding Company equally - 50/50 - to TKCI and SIC:

SIC's original business concepts and plans, as well as opportunities brought to the table through its connections, and third-party contracts, are ways that we anticipate business could be generated, and revenues created; TKCI's advisory and management services and capital resources will provide the critical structure and business mechanism to carry concepts through to revenue.

TKCI affirms that it shall not have any claim towards SIC if the management decides not to sign the agreement in the investigation stage, and before any agreements are signed, for any reasons whatsoever.

Sponsorship Agreement

iVillage

Ford Motor Media

iVillage, Inc.

FMM and iVillage may be referred to generically as a "Party", or collectively as "Parties".

FMM

December 18, 1998

The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").

The Parties agree that prior to July 1, 2000, iVillage will provide FMM with the opportunity to renew this Agreement (the "Renewal Term") on terms set forth in a proposal (the "Proposal) to be presented to FMM. FMM shall indicate its acceptance or rejection of the Proposal no later than August 31, 2000. If iVillage does not receive FMM's acceptance or rejection of the Proposal by August 31, 2000, iVillage may interpret FMM's non response as a rejection of the Proposal.

Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.

In addition, in the event that iVillage desires to form a sponsorship relationship with an automobile rental company during the term of this Agreement, iVillage shall notify Hertz and provide Hertz with an opportunity to enter into such a relationship with iVillage, on not less favorable terms than those offered to any other automobile rental company.

For the Initial Term of this Agreement, iVillage agrees that Ford shall be the exclusive automobile manufacturer sponsor and advertiser throughout the Network, with respect to entities whose primary business is that of an automotive manufacturer and/or retailer.

In addition, in the event that iVillage desires to form a sponsorship relationship with an automobile rental company during the term of this Agreement, iVillage shall notify Hertz and provide Hertz with an opportunity to enter into such a relationship with iVillage, on not less favorable terms than those offered to any other automobile rental company.

Once presented with an opportunity, Hertz shall have five (5) business days in which to accept or reject such terms. If iVillage does not receive Hertz's acceptance or rejection of such within the allotted time, iVillage shall deem Hertz's silence as rejection.

Neither Party shall sell, transfer or assign this Agreement or the rights or obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

During the Initial Term, iVillage will design and administer, (i) a minimum of [*] online conferences which shall include live chats and the archiving of conference transcripts (dates of such conferences shall be determined by FMM and shall occur approximately once every two months, but not earlier than March 1, 1999 and FMM shall provide iVillage with not less than forty five (45) days advance notice of any conference); (ii) a minimum of [*] online polls; (iii) a minimum of [*] sixty-second surveys; (iv) a minimum of [*] online focus groups; and (v) a minimum of [*] customized turn-key Network sweepstakes (iVillage shall be responsible for all aspects of the sweepstakes other than the prize(s) which shall be provided by Ford Motor Company ("FMC")).

In the event that iVillage fails to deliver the          advertising impressions during the Promotion Period, FMM shall have the          option of either (a) extending the Initial Term of this Agreement for          an additional three (3) month period to "make good" the undelivered          impressions or (b) requiring iVillage to refund to FMM an amount equal          to [*] for each [*] impressions which were not delivered.

During the Promotion Period, iVillage will deliver a





         minimum of [*] advertising impressions, in an equal proportion each          month.

However, if iVillage falls to deliver the advertising          impressions during the Promotion Period and FMM desires that iVillage          "make good" the undelivered impressions and extend the Initial Term          pursuant to option (a) set forth in Section 2.C.(iii), if the Parties          have decided not to renew the Initial Term and iVillage desires to          enter into an agreement with an entity whose business(es) would pose a          conflict to FMM

or Ford Motor Credit, then iVillage, at iVillage's option, may refund          the remaining impression deficiency to FMM, and immediately upon          pavement of such, the "make good" obligation shall terminate.

Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement, iVillage assigns to FMC all right, title and interest in and to the content, design and intellectual property, rights created specifically for and unique to the Bridge Site, advertising units, and other promotional elements set forth in this Agreement (collectively, the "Materials").

FMM grants to iVillage, during the Initial Term of this Agreement, a royalty-free, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce and display Ford's tradenames, trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, the "Marks") in connection with this Agreement.

During the Promotion Period, iVillage traffic shall be          audited by a third party traffic auditor listed on Exhibit A and          iVillage shall provide FMM with relevant reports on a biweekly basis.

All traffic reports shall be audited by the third party traffic auditor selected pursuant to Section 2.C.(ii).

NEITHER PARTY SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY HEREUNDER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFIT OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH.

Upon receipt from iVillage of the proposed Bridge Site design and content, FMM shall have no more than five (5) business days in which to provide iVillage with its acceptance or rejection of the design and content. If iVillage does not receive FMM's acceptance or rejection of such within the allotted time, iVillage shall deem FMM's silence as acceptance.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

iPayment, Inc.

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A

Bank

FDMS

ISO

First Data Merchant Services Corporation

January 29, 2007

January 29, 2007

The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless

Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically continue in effect until either party gives the other at least six (6) months prior written notice of termination.

Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically continue in effect until either party gives the other at least six (6) months prior written notice of termination.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to New York conflict laws.

SERVICERS may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration for cause upon prior written notice to ISO as follows:

ISO may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration for cause upon prior written notice to SERVICERS as follows:

(j)   At any time upon one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice to the SERVICERS with no penalty.

(k)   Upon the termination of the Service Agreement for any reason with one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice to ISO;

In addition, ISO shall provide written notice to SERVICERS within three (3) Business Days of any Change of Control of ISO.

SERVICERS may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration for cause upon prior written notice to ISO as follows:

(l)   Upon a Change of Control of ISO with one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice to ISO, unless the SERVICERS had previously consented to such change in control.

SERVICERS may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration for cause upon prior written notice to ISO as follows:

ISO may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration for cause upon prior written notice to SERVICERS as follows:

Except as expressly set forth herein, ISO shall not assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder, by operation of law or otherwise, or contract with any third party (other than the third parties named herein) to perform any of its responsibilities or obligations relating to this Agreement without the prior written consent of SERVICERS, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

Except as expressly set forth herein, ISO shall not subcontract, assign, license or in any other manner extend or transfer to any third party any right or obligation ISO has with respect to SERVICERS' Program.

(g)   Upon an assignment of this Agreement by ISO without SERVICERS' prior written consent;

(f)   Upon an assignment of this Agreement by SERVICERS without ISO's prior written consent;

ISO agrees that the initial amount of the Offset Account will be $[***] and, thereafter, the Offset Account will, at all times, maintain collected funds in an amount at least equal to the amount then due SERVICERS hereunder (which shall be referred to herein as the "Minimum Balance").

ISO will, at any and all reasonable times, permit SERVICERS' employees, agents and/or auditors to inspect ISO's books and records at SERVICERS' expense prior request and notice and if for a particular need.

ISO will, at any and all reasonable times, permit SERVICERS' employees, agents, attorneys, auditors, or bank regulators to inspect ISO's place of business to audit its operations for compliance with all Rules, laws, regulations, and directives of any governmental regulatory agency or Bank Card association, all at SERVICERS' expense.

ISO shall make available (whether through public filings or directly) SERVICERS with annual audited financial statements prepared by an independent auditing firm within 90 days of the end of each fiscal year (and shall make available to SERVICERS quarterly financial statements upon request of SERVICERS).

regardless of the form of action or legal theory relating to events in any one Processing Year shall not exceed [***] [***] times the amount of clearing/sponsorship fees paid to SERVICERS by ISO pursuant to this Agreement during the immediately preceding [***] [***] full months; provided, however, that this limitation shall not apply to either party's obligation to indemnify the other for credit/fraud losses or Losses arising from or related to the indemnifying party's (or its agents, representatives, Merchants, Other MSP's or IC's) failure to comply with Rules.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall any party hereto, their respective Affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or subcontractors, be liable under any theory of tort, contract, strict liability or other legal theory for lost profits, lost revenues, lost business opportunities, exemplary, punitive, special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages, each of which is hereby excluded by agreement of the parties, regardless of whether the damages were foreseeable or whether any party or any entity has been advised of the possibility of the damages.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the cumulative liability of each of SERVICERS and ISO for all Losses, claims, suits, controversies, breaches or damages arising out of or related to this Agreement

ISO agrees to never contest the ownership of these marks and Visa and/or MasterCard may at any time immediately and without advance notice prohibit ISO from using their respective marks.

SERVICE AGREEMENT

Rise (Tianjin) Education Information Consulting Co., Ltd.

[]

Service Provider

Service Recipient

[Date]

This Agreement shall be effective as of the date set forth above in this Agreement.

The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.

This Agreement shall be renewed automatically for another five (5) years upon the expiration unless the Parties confirm, in writing, the termination of this Agreement.

Unless otherwise provided herein, Service Recipient shall not assign or transfer any rights or obligations hereunder to any third party without the prior written consent of Service Provider. Service Provider may assign or transfer its rights and obligations hereunder to any third party in connection with, among other things, equity restructuring or business restructuring, without the consent of Service Recipient.

Pursuant to Section 4 and Schedule 1 of the Agreement, Service Provider and Service Recipient agree that the amount of the Service Fee for the [] quarter of 20[] shall be [RMB [] ([][in letters]) in total]/[set at []% of the revenues booked by Service Recipient during the quarter, amounting to RMB [] ([][in letters])].

The amount of the Service Fee shall be [determined on the basis of the actual costs incurred by Service Provider in connection with its provision of the services, plus a mark-up at a percentage as agreed upon between both Parties, to be allocated to Service Recipient and other service recipients in proportion to their respective revenues] / [computed at a percentage (as agreed upon between both Parties) of Service Recipient's revenues] and confirmed by a letter of confirmation substantially in the form attached hereto.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon any delay by Service Recipient in its payment of any Service Fee to Service Provider, for each day of delay in such payment, Service Recipient must pay Service Provider liquidated damages at 0.5 percent (0.5%) of the Service Fee that are due and unpaid.

CONSTRUCTION AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

Cable & Wireless, Inc.

TeleBermuda International Limited

Teleglobe USA

GTE Intelligent Network Services Incorporated

STAR Telecommunications Inc.

CYPRUS TELECOMMUNICATIONS AUTHORITY

Sonera Ltd.

Cable & Wireless Global Network Organisation Limited

Videsh Sanchar Nigam Limited

TELIA AB (publ)

Telia North America Inc.

IXNET Limited

NTT Worldwide Network Corporation

AT&T Corp.

Deutsche Telekom AG

British Telecommunications pIc

MCI International Inc.

Transoceanic Communications Incorporated

Tele Danmark A/S

Turk Telekomunikasyon A.S.

BARAK I.T.C

Emirates Telecommunications Corporation - ETISALAT

Ultrallne (Bermuda) Limited

COMPANHIA PORTUGUESA RADIO MARCONI, SA.

Belgacom S.A.

Energis Communications Limited

VIATEL

Swisscom North America Inc.

ABS Telecom plc

Com Tech International Corporation

StarHub

Sprint Communications Company L.P.

Telef6nica de Espana, S.A.

Tele 2 AB

OY FINNET International AB

KPN Telecom B.V

BC TEL

Carrier 1 AG

Singapore Telecommunications Limited

Rostelecom

Kokusai Denshin Denwa Americas Inc.

Telesur

IXC Communications, Inc.

RSL Communications Limited

Swisscom Ltd

Japan Telecom Co., Ltd.

Telenor Global Services AS

Hellenic Telecommunications Organisation S.A.

Pacific Gateway Exchange Inc.

Slovenske Telecomunicatie s.e.

(hereinafter  collectively  called  "Parties"  and  individually  called "Party")

France Telecom

STARTEC GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION

Pacific Gateway Exchange

BellSouth International, Inc.

2nd  day  of  September  1998

2nd  day  of  September  1998

This Agreement  shall become  effective on the Effective Date and shall          continue in operation for at least a period of  twenty-five  (25) years          (hereinafter  called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be          terminable  thereafter by agreement of the Parties.

The  construction,  interpretation  and  performance  of this Agreement          shall be governed by the laws of Switzerland,  except for its conflicts          of law principles.

However, any Party          may terminate  its  participation  in this  Agreement at the end of the          Initial Period or at any time  thereafter by giving at least one year's          prior notice,  in writing,  to the other  remaining  Parties.

A Party may assign the whole of its rights  under this  Agreement  to a          successor  by  law,  Subsidiary  or  Affiliate  of  such  Party,  or  a          corporation or an entity  jointly  controlling or under the same common          control as such Party,  provided that the assigning  Party shall remain          jointly and severally  liable with the assignee for the  performance of          this  Agreement for the duration of the  Agreement.

No Party may assign,  sell, transfer or dispose of part or parts of its          rights or obligations under this Agreement except as otherwise provided          for in Paragraph 9.

Except in accordance  with  Subparagraph  30.2, no Party may assign the          whole of its rights under this Agreement without the written consent of          all the other Parties, such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

The Managing Group          may  decide  that the  assigning  Party  will not  remain  jointly  and          severally  liable  with  the  assignee  for  the  performance  of  this          Agreement for the duration of the Agreement provided that the assigning          Party will give  notice to the other  Parties in a timely  manner,  and          provided  that  the  assignee  agrees  in  writing  to be  bound by the          provisions of this Agreement.

The revenue from          such  occasional use shall be shared by the Parties in accordance  with          Schedule B

For this purpose, each          Maintenance  Authority  shall  retain  significant  records,  including          recorder charts,  for a period of not less than five (5) years from the          date of the record.

The  Procurement  Group  shall  ensure that the Supply  Contract  shall          afford its designated  representatives  reasonable  rights of access to          examine,  test and inspect the submarine cable,  land cable,  submarine          cable and land cable  equipment,  material,  supplies and  installation          activities.

The  Procurement  Group  shall  ensure that the Supply  Contract  shall          afford the  representatives  designated by the Managing Group the right          to review the books,  records,  vouchers  and  accounts  required to be          kept,  maintained and obtained pursuant to Subparagraphs  19.1 and 19.2          of this Agreement.

Any Party keeping and maintaining books, records, vouchers and accounts          of  costs  pursuant  to  Subparagraphs  19.4,  19.5  and  19.6  of this          Agreement  shall  afford the  Parties  the right to review at their own          expense  said  books,  records,  vouchers  and  accounts  of  costs  in          accordance   with  the  audit   procedures   established   by  the  F&A          Subcommittee.

Each Party, at its own expense,  and upon reasonable  advance notice to          the relevant Maintenance  Authorities,  shall have the right to inspect          from time to time the operation and  maintenance  of any part of TAT-14          and to obtain copies of the maintenance records.

In the  case  where a claim  is  brought  against  one of the  Terminal          Parties,  in its  capacity  as a  Maintenance  Authority  for TAT-14 in          respect of a  sacrificed  anchor  and/or  loss of, or damage to fishing          gear,  then such  Terminal  Party may settle such a claim for an amount          not greater than $ 25,000 on each  occasion or such an amount as agreed          by the Managing Group from time to time, and obtain reimbursement under          Subparagraph 24.2.

Subject to the  preceding          sentence, no Party shall be liable to any other Party in contract, tort          or otherwise including any liability for negligence for any indirect or          consequential loss or damage including, without limitation,  corruption          or loss of data,  loss of profit,  loss of  anticipated  savings all in          connection with this Agreement,  caused by its own acts or those of any          of its auxiliaries, such as employees, servants or agents.

Should the Managing Group agree to jointly          insure against such risks, the cost of such insurance will form part of          the capital costs referred to in Subparagraph 13.1.

MUTUAL TERMINATION AGREEMENT

Beijing SINA

SINA Leju

Shanghai SINA Leju Information Technology Co. Ltd.

Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co.

day of , 2009

This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the PRC, without regard to conflicts of law principles.

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT ("A

Astellas Pharma Inc.

"FG" or "FibroGen"

Astellas

FibroGen, Inc.

June 1, 2005

June 1, 2005

This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.

This Agreement and any dispute arising from the performance or breach hereof shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without reference to conflicts of laws principles.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement including Article 12 above, FG hereby grants to Astellas an exclusive license under the FG Technology to: use, package, sell, have sold, import, market and otherwise distribute the Lead Compounds for use solely in the Field in the Astellas Territory

FG shall have the worldwide exclusive right (itself or through third party vendors) to manufacture (or have manufactured) Lead Compounds. Astellas and its Affiliates and Sublicensees shall not directly or indirectly make, produce or manufacture any Lead Compounds.

FG shall have the exclusive right, including the right to authorize others, to market, sell and distribute the Lead Compounds for any use in the FG Territory. Subject to the restrictions contained in Section 8.3.4 hereof, FG retains the exclusive right, including the right to authorize others, to market, sell and distribute worldwide the Lead Compounds for use outside the Field.

FG shall have the exclusive right and obligation to supply the Lead Compounds to Astellas and its Affiliates and Sublicensees for all development and commercial purposes, and Astellas and its Affiliates and Sublicensees shall purchase such Lead Compounds exclusively from FG.

In the event of a termination of this Agreement, FG shall have an irrevocable, exclusive, license, with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses, to any trademarks used by Astellas in association with the Lead Compounds hereunder to make, use, sell, import and otherwise exploit products within the Field in the Astellas Territory.

Astellas shall have the exclusive right to market, sell and distribute the Lead Compounds supplied by FG for use in the Astellas Territory within the Field under the license granted in Article 13.

Subject to Section 8.3.5 hereof, nothing herein is intended to preclude FG from granting rights to supply or supplying (a) any Lead Compound outside of the Astellas Territory to any third party for use within or outside the Field, or (b) any compound Controlled by FG within the Astellas Territory except for a Lead Compound for the duration of its designation in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Subject to Section 18.7.2, Astellas may terminate this Agreement upon six (6) months notice to FG for any reason or no reason.

This Agreement shall not be assignable by either party to any third party without the written consent of the other party hereto; except that either party may assign this Agreement without the other party's consent to an entity that acquires substantially all of the business or assets of the assigning party within the Field, in each case whether by merger, transfer of assets, or otherwise.

As reimbursement and payment for FG's historical and ongoing research and development expenditures with respect to pre-clinical and clinical development of Lead Compounds and as payment for the successful marketing and sales of the Lead Compound(s), Astellas agrees to make the following non-refundable, non-creditable (except as set forth in Section 14.3 below) reimbursement payments to FG upon the first occurrence of the Event specified below.   EVENT   AMOUNT Upon receipt of [ * ] aggregate annual Net Sales achieved for the first time in the Astellas Territory for all indications and Lead Compounds by Astellas and its Affiliates and Sublicensees.   U.S. [ * ]

In the event generic equivalents has captured the [ * ] of the quantity of Lead Compound sold by Astellas during the [ * ] preceding such termination calculated on a annual basis; or in the event, after the entry into the market of generic equivalents, that Astellas' annual sales fall below $[ * ] for all Lead Compounds, Astellas may terminate this Agreement upon [ * ] written notice to FG; provided, that Astellas does not Commercialize any Lead Compound after such termination until the expiration of the last to expire FG Patents applicable to such Lead Compound.

In addition, the following provisions shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason: Astellas shall assign or cause to be assigned to FG (or if not so assignable, Astellas shall take all reasonable actions to make available to FG) all regulatory filings and registrations (including MAAs and Marketing Approvals) with respect to the Lead Compounds that have been filed or made by or under authority of Astellas, and the rights in trademark with respect to each Lead Compound as provided for in Section 4.4.1, in each case such assignment (or availability)

Subject to Section 14.1.1, title to all inventions and other intellectual property made related to (i) the Development Program, (ii) the Lead Compounds, (iii) FG Technology or FG Confidential Information, (iv) the Field, or (v) the Expanded Field (subsections 14.1(i)-(v), collectively, the "Protected Field") shall be owned by or is hereby assigned to FG; provided, however that Astellas shall own inventions of general applicability relating solely to drug delivery systems created exclusively by Astellas under subsection 14.1(i), excluding inventions related to or based on subsections 14.1(ii), (iii), (iv), or (v), and provided, further, that Astellas hereby grants to FG a worldwide, fully paid non-exclusive license with the right to sublicense to practice such inventions with respect to the FG Technology.

shall be made within [ * ] after the notice of termination.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement including Article 12 above, FG hereby grants to Astellas an exclusive license under the FG Technology to: use, package, sell, have sold, import, market and otherwise distribute the Lead Compounds for use solely in the Field in the Astellas Territory

Notwithstanding Section 14.1, in the event that Astellas develops, completely independently from any FG Technology and/or any other FG materials, confidential information, intellectual property or other related information provided by or on behalf of FG to Astellas under this Agreement or any other agreement between FG and Astellas relating to the subject matter hereof, any inventions or intellectual property rights related to the Field or the Expanded Field, [ * ], Astellas shall own such intellectual property and hereby grants to FG and its Sublicensees a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable license to such intellectual property for the FG Territory.

Subject to Section 14.1.1, title to all inventions and other intellectual property made related to (i) the Development Program, (ii) the Lead Compounds, (iii) FG Technology or FG Confidential Information, (iv) the Field, or (v) the Expanded Field (subsections 14.1(i)-(v), collectively, the "Protected Field") shall be owned by or is hereby assigned to FG; provided, however that Astellas shall own inventions of general applicability relating solely to drug delivery systems created exclusively by Astellas under subsection 14.1(i), excluding inventions related to or based on subsections 14.1(ii), (iii), (iv), or (v), and provided, further, that Astellas hereby grants to FG a worldwide, fully paid non-exclusive license with the right to sublicense to practice such inventions with respect to the FG Technology.

Astellas shall have access to and the right to use solely for the purpose of this Agreement, any Data developed by or on behalf of FG or its Affiliates or Sublicensees with respect to Lead Compounds in connection with the Field (i) to the extent necessary to support the application to the regulatory authority in the Astellas Territory or to fulfill other Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare regulatory requirements, or (ii) if not necessary to support such application or to fulfill such Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare regulatory requirements, to the extent FG is permitted subject to FG's third party obligations; provided that FG shall [ * ] negotiate the availability of such Data to Astellas from such Sublicensee, and provided, further, that Astellas agrees not to use or disclose to third parties any such data for purposes outside the Field except as authorized under this Agreement.

Following the signing of this Agreement, FG agrees to negotiate in good faith with Astellas for a license to develop compounds for the Expanded Field in the Astellas Territory, exclusively for a period of [ * ] following such date, and non- exclusively thereafter until the execution of a license agreement with a third party to develop compounds for the Expanded Field.

In the event of a termination of this Agreement, FG shall have an irrevocable, exclusive, license, with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses, to any trademarks used by Astellas in association with the Lead Compounds hereunder to make, use, sell, import and otherwise exploit products within the Field in the Astellas Territory.

FG shall have access to and the right to use for any purpose, any Data developed by or on behalf of Astellas or its Affiliates or Sublicensees in the course of the Development Program with respect to indications within the Field for Lead Compounds.

FG shall have access to and the right to use for any purpose, any Data developed by or on behalf of Astellas or its Affiliates or Sublicensees in the course of the Development Program with respect to indications within the Field for Lead Compounds.

Notwithstanding Section 14.1, in the event that Astellas develops, completely independently from any FG Technology and/or any other FG materials, confidential information, intellectual property or other related information provided by or on behalf of FG to Astellas under this Agreement or any other agreement between FG and Astellas relating to the subject matter hereof, any inventions or intellectual property rights related to the Field or the Expanded Field, [ * ], Astellas shall own such intellectual property and hereby grants to FG and its Sublicensees a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable license to such intellectual property for the FG Territory.

In the event of a termination of this Agreement, FG shall have an irrevocable, exclusive, license, with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses, to any trademarks used by Astellas in association with the Lead Compounds hereunder to make, use, sell, import and otherwise exploit products within the Field in the Astellas Territory.

Each of Astellas and FG shall retain its records for the minimum period of time required by applicable law in all cases, and for not less than [ * ] following the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

Upon [ * ] days advance notice or such shorter time period as may be required in order to meet any regulatory requirements, each party shall allow the other party to have access to all records, materials and data generated by or on behalf of such party with respect to each Lead Compound for applications within the Field at reasonable times, in a reasonable manner and, upon request, to the extent required under Article 7 hereof.

Any books of accounts or records shall not be inspected more than once.

Such records will be open for inspection at the principal place of business of each party (the "Inspected Party") during such [ * ] period by an independent auditor chosen by the other party (the "Inspecting Party") and reasonably acceptable to the Inspected Party for the purpose of verifying the amounts payable by Astellas to FG hereunder or the accuracy of the [ * ] Percentage and/or Fully Burdened Costs.

Astellas shall have the right, upon reasonable advance notice and during regular business hours, to inspect and audit, either by itself or through its Affiliates or consultants, the facilities (including any facilities of sub-contractors) being used by FG for production of the Lead Compound to assure compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, Japanese regulatory standards and FG quality control procedures ("Relevant Standards"). FG shall also reasonably comply with inspection

requests of the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor & Welfare.

Such inspection and audit shall be conducted at Astellas' sole cost and expense in a manner so as to minimize disruption of FG's, or its subcontractor's or Sublicensee's, business operations. FG shall, within [ * ] after FG's receipt of written notice from Astellas detailing any deficiencies which may be noted in any such audit which relate to the Relevant Standards use good faith efforts to remedy such deficiencies, and submit a plan to the Astellas outlining steps proposed to be taken.

The independent auditor retained by the Inspecting Party shall be obligated to execute a reasonable confidentiality agreement with the Inspected Party prior to commencing any such inspection, which, among other customary clauses, contains the provisions to the effect that such auditor shall not disclose to the Inspecting Party any information other than as necessary to accomplish the purpose of the inspection.

The parties will endeavor to minimize disruption of the Inspected Party's normal business activities to the extent reasonably practicable.

Such books and records shall be kept for at least [ * ] following the end of the calendar quarter to which they pertain.

Inspections conducted under this Section 10.5 shall be at the expense of the Inspecting Party.

Such inspections may be made no more than once each calendar year, at reasonable times and on reasonable notice.

FG's sole obligation and Astellas' sole remedy with respect to Lead Compound which does not meet the warranty contained herein is limited to replacement of such Lead Compound and reimbursement of Astellas' out of pocket expenses for shipping to FG at the address designated by FG.

In the event of (a) a termination by Astellas under Section 18.6 during the period from the execution of this Agreement until the last to expire of the FG Patents, or (b) by FG under Section 18.2.1, 18.2.2, 18.2.4 or 18.2.5 hereof, Astellas shall, upon the effective date of such termination, pay to FG (i) a termination fee of $[ * ] U.S. dollars and (ii) any payments to which FG is otherwise entitled to receive hereunder in the period from the date of such termination notice until the [ * ].

In the absence of such notification, Astellas shall be deemed to have accepted the shipment.

If Astellas detects at any time any defect in the Lead Compound which has not been found through Astellas' inspection, it shall notify FG to that effect within [ * ] of the discovery of such defect, and the procedures set forth above in this Section 12.7 shall be applied to such defective Lead Compound, provided, that FG shall only be responsible to pay for costs of defects that are the result of FG's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

In the event that any portion of the shipment fails to conform to the Product Specifications, Astellas shall notify FG within [ * ] of Astellas' receipt of such shipment.

Each party shall secure and maintain in effect during the term of this Agreement and for a period of five (5) years thereafter insurance policy(ies) underwritten by a reputable insurance company and in a form and having limits standard and customary for entities in the biopharmaceutical industry for exposures related to the Lead Compounds. Such insurance shall include general liability, clinical trial liability and products liability coverage with respect to such party's performance of the Development Program and commercialization of Lead Compounds hereunder. Upon request by the other party hereto, certificates of insurance evidencing the coverage required above shall be provided to the other party.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT

KENNETH TURPIN

Turpin

VISUALANT INCORPORATED

Company

June 16, 2004

This Agreement  shall continue until  terminated as      provided herein.

This  Agreement  shall be  governed  by and  construed  in      accordance  with the laws of the  Province  of  British  Columbia  (without      regard to its conflict of laws provisions)  which shall be deemed to be the      proper law thereof.

Turpin does hereby      assign and transfer to the Company,  effective  upon  creation,  all right,      title, and interest that Turpin may have in and to the Work Product and all      Intellectual Property Rights therein and does hereby assign all of Turpin's      future right,  title,  and interest that Turpin may have in and to each of      the Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights therein, effective at the      time each is created.

Turpin shall, at the Company's  request,  assist with, execute      and   deliver   all   further   documents,   applications,    declarations,      verifications,  submissions,  transfers  and  assignments  and do all other      things requested by the Company, acting reasonably,  during the term hereof      and  thereafter,  at the expense of the  Company,  but  without  additional      compensation,  to enable the Company or its nominees to apply for, acquire,      prosecute,  perfect,  enforce and/or maintain any and all right,  title and      interest, in any country, in and to the Confidential Information,  the Work      Product and the Intellectual Property Rights in same.

Turpin agrees to maintain at all times adequate      and current  records  relating to the creation and development of the Work      Product and  Intellectual  Property Rights  therein,  which records and all      copies  thereof  shall be and shall  remain the  exclusive  property of the      Company,  and to  disclose  all such  records  and  copies  to the  Company      promptly.

This Agreement shall be binding upon Turpin and the      heirs and legal  representatives  of Turpin,  and shall be binding upon and      ensure to the  benefit  of the  Company  and its  successors  and  assigns,      including  any  corporation  with  which or into  which the  Company or its      successors may be merged or which may succeed, to its assets or business.

Turpin  acknowledges  and agrees that Turpin's      employment  with the Company may be succeeded by employment  with a Company      Affiliate,  in which case the terms of this  Agreement  shall  continue  in      effect with respect to such employment until an agreement  relating to this      subject matter is signed between Turpin and the Company Affiliate.

Turpin shall  deliver to the Company all Work      Product and Company  Property,  including all originals and copies thereof,      in Turpin's possession and/or control,  at the request of the Company,  or,      in the  absence  of  such a  request,  upon  the  termination  of  Turpin's      employment with the Company.

Turpin  covenants that Turpin shall not at any      time directly or indirectly contest or assist any third party in contesting      the Company's right,  title, and interest in and to the Work Product or any      Intellectual  Property  Rights  therein.

Turpin  shall  not,  directly  or      indirectly,  apply for or seek registration of any  Intellectual  Property      Rights in any Work Product in any jurisdiction  without the express written      approval of the  Company.

MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

Universal Access, Inc.

CityNet Telecommunications, Inc.

Provider

Company

July 23, 2003

July 23, 2003

This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.

This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.

This Agreement will extend automatically for monthly periods unless either party to this Agreement notifies the other party in writing at least thirty (30) days before the expiration of the then current term.

This Agreement will extend automatically for monthly periods unless either party to this Agreement notifies the other party in writing at least thirty (30) days before the expiration of the then current term.

THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO AND GOVERNED BY THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES TO THE EXTENT SUCH PRINCIPLES WOULD LEAD TO THE APPLICATION OF A SUBSTANTIVE LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time without liability by providing one hundred eighty (180) days written notice to the other party.

The Company shall not sell, transfer or otherwise attempt to convey or dispose of any part of the Fiber Ring Assets, other than sales and leases of capacity or of individual fiber strands in the ordinary and usual course of business unless the Provider consents to such transaction, which consent will not be withheld if, (a) the proposed transferee consents in writing to the assumption of all obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including those obligations to be undertaken under other agreements pursuant to Section 3.3, and (b) all governmental approvals (under City Rights Agreements or otherwise) have been obtained, with the Provider having the right (if it elects) to coordinate such efforts if it is the counterparty under such agreements requiring approval (with the Company to pay the reasonable costs of doing so).

This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder may be assigned by the Provider upon written notice to the Company.

EXCEPT AS STATED ABOVE, THE PROVIDER'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE DURATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. A PARTY'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, FOR ANY AND ALL CAUSES OF ACTIONS AND CLAIMS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, MISREPRESENTATION AND OTHER TORTS, SHALL BE:   (a) FOR BODILY INJURY OR DEATH TO ANY PERSON PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY A PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE, THE AMOUNT OF DIRECT DAMAGES PROVEN;   (b) FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE TO REAL PROPERTY OR TANGIBLE PERSONAL PROPERTY PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY A PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE, THE AMOUNT OF DIRECT DAMAGES PROVEN;   (c) FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE WILLFUL OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT OF A PARTY, THE AMOUNT OF DIRECT DAMAGES PROVEN;   (d) FOR ALL OTHER DAMAGES OTHER THAN THOSE SET FORTH ABOVE AND NOT EXCLUDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY'S LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY DURING ANY TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE LESSOR OF (i) DIRECT DAMAGES PROVEN BY THE PARTY, OR (ii) THE AMOUNT PAID BY THE COMPANY TO THE PROVIDER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM.

THE PROVIDER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF REVENUES OR LOSS OF PROFIT, ARISING OUT OF THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES OR REPAIRS, NOTWITHSTANDING ADVANCE NOTICE FROM THE COMPANY THAT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS EXISTS.

Such certificate will provide that there shall be no cancellation, non-renewal, or modification of such coverage without thirty days' prior written notice to the Company.

The Provider will obtain and maintain appropriate liability insurance in an amount of not less than $1,000,000 combined single limit for accidents or occurrences which cause bodily injury, death or property damage related to the performance of the Services. The insurance policy willname the Company as an additional insured.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT

Armstrong Hardwood Flooring Company

Seller

AFI Licensing LLC

formerly known as Tarzan HoldCo, Inc.),

the "Company" and together with Buyer the "Buyer Entities"

Buyer

(each of Arizona on the one hand and the Buyer Entities on the other hand, a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties")

AHF Holding, Inc.

"Licensing" and together with Seller, "Arizona"

Armstrong Flooring, Inc.

December 31, 2018

December 31, 2018

Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.

This Assignment shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.

The Company shall not tarnish or bring into disrepute the reputation of or goodwill associated with the Seller Licensed Trademarks or Arizona.

Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, including under Section 7.1, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of any Party under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, that (a) either Party may assign any of the foregoing in connection with the sale or other transfer of the applicable business or assets of such Party or its Affiliates to which this Agreement relates (except that neither of the Buyer Entities may assign any such rights, interests or obligations with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks); (b) Arizona may assign any of the foregoing to one or more of its Affiliates and (c) the Company and Buyer may assign any of the foregoing to one or more of its Subsidiaries, controlled Affiliates, AWP, or any holding company that is a direct or indirect parent of the Company; provided that in each case (b) and (c), no assignment shall relieve the assigning Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement unless agreed to by the non-assigning Party. Any assignment or other disposition in violation of the preceding sentence shall be void.

In digital formats, the minimum width is 100 pixels at 72 dpi.

Logo Size: The minimum logo size is 1" or 25mm.

Assignor does hereby irrevocably sell, convey, grant, set over, assign and transfer to Assignee, without reservation of any rights, title or interest, all of Assignor's worldwide and universal rights, title and interest in and to the Assigned Marks, including, but not limited to, the applications and registrations therefor which are identified in Schedule A attached hereto, together with the goodwill of the business symbolized by such Assigned Marks, the same to be held and enjoyed by Assignee, for its own use and enjoyment, and for the use and enjoyment of any of Assignee's successors and assigns, as the same would have been held and enjoyed by Assignor if this Assignment had not been made, including, but not limited to, all common-law rights of Assignor in and/or to the Assigned Marks, and

Assignor does hereby irrevocably sell, convey, grant, set over, assign and transfer to Assignee, without reservation of any rights, title or interest, all of Assignor's right, title and interest in and to the Assigned Patents, all rights corresponding to the Assigned Patents throughout the world, and all continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions or renewals thereof, all patents that may be granted therefrom, all reissues, re-exams, or extensions of such patents, and in and to any applications that have been or shall be filed in any country, and all patents or utility models of countries that may be granted therefrom, for its own use and enjoyment, and for the use and enjoyment of any of Assignee's successors and assigns, as the





same would have been held and enjoyed by Assignor if this Assignment had not been made, together with any and all claims or causes of infringement thereof that may have accrued prior to the effective date of this Assignment, together with the right to bring suit for and/or initiate any proceeding to collect any and all damages arising from said claims or causes of action.

Arizona agrees to assign and hereby assigns its entire right, title and interest in and to the Arizona Assigned IP to the Company.

Upon Assignee's reasonable request and at Assignee's sole cost and expense, Assignor shall (i) provide any further assistance reasonably necessary to effect the assignment of all rights, title and interest in and to the Assigned Marks to Assignee, including, but not limited to, the execution of any further documents and instruments, and (ii) take such other actions as are reasonably necessary to document the aforesaid assignment and transfer to Assignee.

Upon Assignee's reasonable request and at Assignee's sole cost and expense, Assignor shall (i) provide any further assistance reasonably necessary to effect the assignment of all rights, title and interest in and to the Assigned Patents to Assignee, including, but not limited to, the execution of any further documents and instruments, and (ii) take such other actions as are reasonably necessary to document the aforesaid assignment and transfer to Assignee.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Copyrights for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Know-How for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Know-How for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a limited, non- exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 7.1), non-assignable (except as set forth in Section 13.2) license in, to and under the Diamond Licensed Trademarks for the Diamond Trademark License Term for use with respect to the Diamond Product throughout the world only in the form and manner set forth on Schedule 6.2.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a limited, non- exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 7.1), non-assignable license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Trademarks for the Arizona Trademark License Term for use in the Company Field throughout the world only in the form and manner that such Arizona Licensed Trademarks are used in the Business as of the Closing, provided that the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to present the Arizona Licensed Trademarks in the form set forth on Schedule 6.1.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the license set forth in Section 6.1 shall include the right of the Company to use the Arizona Domain Names solely in connection with the applicable Arizona Licensed Trademarks in the Company Field during the Arizona Trademark License Term, in the ordinary course of business in a manner generally consistent with the past practice of Arizona in the Company Field.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Patents for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Patents for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Copyrights for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a limited, non- exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 7.1), non-assignable license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Trademarks for the Arizona Trademark License Term for use in the Company Field throughout the world only in the form and manner that such Arizona Licensed Trademarks are used in the Business as of the Closing, provided that the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to present the Arizona Licensed Trademarks in the form set forth on Schedule 6.1.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a limited, non- exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 7.1), non-assignable (except as set forth in Section 13.2) license in, to and under the Diamond Licensed Trademarks for the Diamond Trademark License Term for use with respect to the Diamond Product throughout the world only in the form and manner set forth on Schedule 6.2.

Arizona may sublicense the licenses granted herein to its Affiliates and Third Parties in the ordinary course of business in support of its and its Affiliates' business, but not for the independent use of Third Parties, and the Company may sublicense the licenses granted herein to Third Parties, its Subsidiaries, AWP, controlled Affiliates, or any holding company that is a direct or indirect parent of the Company in the ordinary course of business in support of its and its Subsidiaries' or controlled Affiliates' business, but not for the independent use of Third Parties (each such Affiliate, Third Party, AWP or Subsidiary, a "Sublicensee").

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Copyrights for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Know-How for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Know-How for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Patents for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Patents for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Copyrights for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Without limitation to the foregoing, Arizona shall not file applications to register any Company Licensed IP or assist any person in doing the same, or contest, challenge, or otherwise take any action adverse to the Company's and its Affiliates' ownership of or rights in and to the Company Licensed IP, or assist any person in doing the same.

Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company shall not file applications to register any Arizona Licensed IP or assist any person in doing the same, or contest, challenge, or otherwise take any action adverse to Arizona's and its Affiliates' ownership of or rights in and to the Arizona Licensed IP, or assist any person in doing the same.

The Buyer Entities acknowledge and agree that

Arizona acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Company and its Affiliates own the Company Licensed IP, (b) neither Arizona, nor its Affiliates or its Sublicensees, will acquire any ownership rights in the Company Licensed IP, and (c) Arizona shall not represent or make any claim that it has an ownership interest in any Company Licensed IP. W

(c) the Company shall not represent or make any claim that it has an ownership interest in any Arizona Licensed IP.

SERVICES AND HOSTING AGREEMENT

"VOTOCAST

-Licensee"

VOTOCAST, Inc.

VITALIBIS INC

3-14-18

The Effective Date of this Agreement shall be the later of the dates shown by the signatures below.

This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")

This Agreement shall automatically renew beyond the Initial Term for successive one (I) year terms (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless a Party provides the other with written notice of termination at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term.

This Agreement shall automatically renew beyond the Initial Term for successive one (I) year terms (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless a Party provides the other with written notice of termination at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without giving effect to conflict or choice of law principles.

Each Party agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) consecutive months thereafter they shall not, directly, solicit, engage, compensate, induce in any way or hire for employment or other representation, any officer, employee, consultant or other representative employed or retained by the other Party or assist any other person or entity to do any of the foregoing.

Regardless of the term, Licensee can terminate Agreement with at least one hundred eighty (180) days written notice with no further obligation.

Neither Party may assign this Agreement or otherwise transfer in any way any of the rights and obligations arising out of this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party.

Any attempted assignment or delegation without such prior written consent, except as expressly set forth herein, will be void, or at the non-assigning Party's sole discretion, may be treated as fully binding upon and in force and effect against any such successor or assign.

VOTOCAST will give Licensee at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of any rate changes during any Renewal Term.

VOTOCAST expressly reserves the right to change its rates charged hereunder for the Services during any Renewal Term (as detined herein) but agrees that rates may not increase by more than ten percent (10%) during any Renewal Term.

If circumstances require VOTOCAST to raise its rates more than ten percent (10%) during any Renewal Term, VOTOCAST will provide Licensee cost related supporting documentation to justify the rate increase.

To the extent, if any, that ownership of the VOTOCAST Materials does not automatically vest in VOTOCAST by virtue of this Agreement or otherwise, Licensee hereby transfers and assigns to VOTOCAST all rights, title and interest which Licensee may have in and to the VOTOCAST Materials.

Licensee hereby grants to VOTOCAST a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license during the term of this Agreement to edit, modify. adapt. translate, exhibit, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer of, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display and otherwise use Licensee Content as necessary to render Services to Licensee under this Agreement.

Under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, VOTOCAST hereby grants to Licensee a nonexclusive, nontransferable license, to access the Services and provide Licensee's users ("Licensee Users") with access to the Services

Under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, VOTOCAST hereby grants to Licensee a nonexclusive, nontransferable license, to access the Services and provide Licensee's users ("Licensee Users") with access to the Services.

Licensee's sole and exclusive remedy and VOTOCAST'S sole and exclusive liability for any loss or interruption of Services shall be as follows. For loss or interruption of Services which is not due to scheduled maintenance, and is caused by VOTOCAST, and such loss or interruption of Services exceeds a continual period of one (I) hour per Exhibit C, Licensee shall receive a credit against future Services equal to one-thirtieth (1/30) of the monthly fees for the Services for each cumulative hour, up to a maximum total of the fees charged for Services for the applicable month of the affected Services.

Regardless of any other provision of this Agreement, VOTOCAST shall not be liable by reason of termination of this Agreement for compensation, reimbursement, or damages on account of the loss of prospective profits on anticipated sales, or on account of expenditures, investments, leases or other commitments made in connection with Licensee's business or otherwise, excluding any amounts paid by Licensee to VOTOCAST pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

The sole remedy for any breach of Section 6.1 (d) and (e) shall be the provisions in Section 7.1.

VOTOCAST SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO VOTOCAST'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL. INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE. BUSINESS, OR DATA), EVEN IF VOTOCAST HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, VOTOCAST'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF ALL FEES ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY VOTOCAST FROM LICENSEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

The sole remedy for any breach of Section 6.2 (e) shall be the provisions in Section 7.2.

If any such action occurs and results in an employee accepting employment with the other Party, the Party with whom the employee accepts employment agrees to pay to the other Party as liquidated damages, an amount equal to two times that particular individual's annual salary and bonus.

ESCROW AGREEMENT

the Owner

the Licensee

NCC ESCROW INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

NCC

"the Owner"

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with             the laws of England and Wales.

NCC may terminate this Agreement by giving 60 days written notice to             the Owner and the Licensee.

The Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving             written notice to the Owner and NCC.

Subject to the provisions of Clauses 6.2 and 6.3, NCC shall release             the Material to a duly authorised officer of the Licensee if at any             time or times any of the following events or circumstances occur,             arise or become apparent:

            6.1.1 the Owner enters into any composition or arrangement with its                   creditors or (being a company) enters into liquidation whether                   compulsory or voluntary (other than for the purposes of                   solvent reconstruction or amalgamation) or has a receiver or                   administrative receiver appointed over all or any part of its                   assets or undertaking or a petition is presented for an                   Administration Order or (being an individual or partnership)                   becomes bankrupt, or an event occurs within the jurisdiction                   of the country in which the Owner is situated which has a                   similar effect to any of the above events in the United                   Kingdom; or

            6.1.2 the Owner ceases to trade; or

            6.1.3 the Owner assigns copyright in the Material and the assignee                   fails within 60 days of such assignment to offer the Licensee                   substantially similar protection to that provided by this                   Agreement without significantly increasing the cost to the                   Licensee; or

            6.1.4 the Owner without legal justification, has defaulted to a                   material degree in any obligation to provide maintenance or                   modification of the Package under the Licence Agreement or any                   maintenance agreement entered into in connection with the                   Package and has failed to remedy such default notified by the                   Licensee to the Owner; or





            6.1.5 coding of the Package is such that either the accuracy or the                   functionality or the performance of the Package is or becomes                   or is demonstrably likely to become significantly adversely                   affected by the entry or processing of data incorporating any                   date or dates whether prior or subsequent to or including 31                   December 1999, including but not limited to any of the                   following:

                  6.1.5.1  the Package crashes at any time while processing any                            such data;

                  6.1.5.2. the Owner has warranted or represented that the                            Package is capable of accurately and correctly                            processing such data in accordance with the Package's                            current functional specification and the Licensee                            demonstrates that the Package is not so capable;

                  6.1.5.3  the Owner has undertaken or attempted to procure the                            Package to be so capable and the Licensee                            demonstrates that the Package is still not so                            capable;

                  6.1.5.4  no such warranty, representation, undertaking or                            attempt has been given or made and the Licensee                            demonstrates that the Package is not so capable.

The parties shall provide the medium on which the source code shall be supplied, which in default of agreement shall be such medium as the escrow agent NCC Escrow International Limited thinks fit.

The Material shall be supplied with details of the following:

      1     Details of the deposit: full name and version details, number of             media items, media type and density, file or archive format, list or             retrieval commands, archive hardware and operating system details.

      2     Name and functionality of each module/application of the Material.

      3     Names and versions of development tools etc.

      4     Documentation describing the procedures for building / compiling /             executing / using the software (technical notes, user guides).

      5     Hardcopy directory listings of the contents of the media.

      6     Name and contact details of employee(s) with knowledge of how to             maintain and support the Material.

Storage Fee (payable if the source code exceeds one cubic foot) - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Annual liability fee payable (if appropriate) - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Release Fee (plus NCC's reasonable expenses)                      X - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ii                                                        Version 1: August 1997

(C) NCC Escrow International Limited 1997                           STD001Y2K.UK

[NCC Escrow International logo]

                                                            SINGLE LICENSEE (UK)                                                                      ESCROW 2000 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ESCROW AGREEMENT:                                DATED:

Between:

(1)   [-1] whose registered office is at [-2] (CRN: [-3]) ("the Owner");

(2)   [-4] whose registered office is at [-5] (CRN: [-6]) ("the Licensee"); and

(3)   NCC ESCROW INTERNATIONAL LIMITED whose registered office is at Oxford       House, Oxford Road, Manchester M1 7ED, England (CRN:3081952) ("NCC").

Preliminary:

(A)   The Licensee has been granted a licence to use a software package       comprising computer programs.

(B)   Certain technical information and documentation describing the software       package are the confidential property of the Owner and are required for       understanding, maintaining and correcting the software package.

(C)   The Owner acknowledges that in certain circumstances the Licensee may       require possession of the technical information and documentation held       under this Agreement.

(D)   Each of the parties to this Agreement acknowledges that the considerations       for their respective undertakings given under it are the undertakings       given under it by each of the other parties.

It is agreed that:

1     Definitions

      In this Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings:

      1.1   "Full Verification Service" means those bespoke tests agreed between             the Licensee and NCC for the verification of the Material;

      1.2   "Intellectual Property Rights" means copyright, trade secret,             patent, and all other rights of a similar nature;

      1.3   "Licence Agreement" means the licence granted to the Licensee for             the Package;

      1.4   "Material" means the source code of the Package comprising the             latest technical information and documentation described in             Schedules 1 and 2;

      1.5   "Package" means the software package licensed to the Licensee under             the Licence Agreement; and

      1.6   "Standard Verification Service" means those tests detailed in the             Standard Verification Service published by NCC from time to time.

2     Owner's Duties and Warranties

      2.1   The Owner shall:

            2.1.1 deliver a copy of the Material to NCC within 30 days of the                   date of this Agreement;





            2.1.2 at all times ensure that the Material as delivered to NCC is                   capable of being used to generate the latest version of the                   Package issued to the Licensee and shall deliver further                   copies of the Material as and when necessary;

            2.1.3 deliver to NCC a replacement copy of the Material within 12                   months of the last delivery;

            2.1.4 deliver a replacement copy of the Material within 14 days of                   receipt of a notice served upon it by NCC under the provisions                   of Clause 4.1.5; and

            2.1.5 deliver with each deposit of the Material the information                   detailed in Schedule

NCC shall in no circumstances be liable to the Owner or the Licensee             for indirect or consequential loss of any nature whatsoever whether             for loss of profit, loss of business or otherwise.

NCC shall not be liable for any loss caused to the Owner or the             Licensee either jointly or severally except for loss of or damage to             the Material to the extent that such loss or damage is caused by the             negligent acts or omissions of NCC, its employees, agents or             sub-contractors and in such event NCC's total liability in respect             of all claims arising under or by virtue of this Agreement shall             not (except in the case of claims for personal injury or death)             exceed the sum of (pounds)500,000.

Outsourcing Agreement

Brokers National Life Assurance Company

Virtual Item Processing Systems, Inc.

VIP

BNL

1 st  day of May 2006

The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").

The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").

Unless either party gives written notice to terminate this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the end of said Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a year to year basis ("Extended Term(s)") until terminated by either party by giving written notice of termination thereof to the other party at least six (6) months prior to the end of the then current Extended Term.

Unless either party gives written notice to terminate this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the end of said Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a year to year basis ("Extended Term(s)") until terminated by either party by giving written notice of termination thereof to the other party at least six (6) months prior to the end of the then current Extended Term.

This Agreement and performance hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oklahoma without regard to conflict of laws.

Neither party to this Agreement shall assign, subcontract, or otherwise conveyor delegate its rights or duties hereunder to any third party without the prior written consent of the other party hereto, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

After the initial twelve months of this Agreement, VIP may adjust the rates in Schedule A to VIP's then current standard rates for such services, provided that it provides BNL with notice of any such adjustment not less ~han thirty (30) days prior to any such adjustment and that such rates shall not increase by more than ten ( 10% ) percent per year .

The minimum monthly fee shall not be less than five thousand dollars ($5,000) per month (as applicable, "Minimum Fee").

During the term of this Agreement, VIP shall provide BNL such access as necessary to the VIP System to allow BNL to attach one data communication line and up to seventy (70) addressable data communications devices to said VIP System.

During the term of this Agreement or any extension thereof, BNL shall have a non-exclusive license to use the VIP System on-line as designated by VIP.

Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, BNL shall return all software and related manuals, if any, provided by VIP to BNL during the term of this Agreement.

From and after notice of termination is received by VIP, any new reports or other services provided by VIP other than routine processing services which have been done for BNL under this Agreement shall be deemed to be additional services and shall be performed by VIP at VIP's then current rates for such termination services as specified on Schedule A.

VIP shall have no liability with respect to its obligations under this agreement or otherwise for consequential, exemplary, special, indirect, incidental or punitive damages even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages in any event, other than claims covered by paragraph 8(b) or paragraph 6(a) of this agreement (which claims are excluded from this paragraph 9(f) limitation), the liability of VIP to BNL for any reason and upon any cause of action or claim in contract, tort or otherwise shall be limited to the amount paid by BNL to VIP in the twelve (12) month period prior to the accrual of the action or claim for the specific service which is the subject of the action or claim (or, if such accrual occurs during the first twelve (12) months of the initial term, then the liability shall be limited to the minimum fees payable by BNL to VIP during the first twelve (12) months of the initial term).

Any claim of action of any kind which one party to this Agreement may have against the other party relating to or arising out of this Agreement must be commenced within two (2) years from the date such claim or cause of action shall have first accrued.

VIP shall have no liability with respect to its obligations under this agreement or otherwise for consequential, exemplary, special, indirect, incidental or punitive damages even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages in any event, other than claims covered by paragraph 8(b) or paragraph 6(a) of this agreement (which claims are excluded from this paragraph 9(f) limitation), the liability of VIP to BNL for any reason and upon any cause of action or claim in contract, tort or otherwise shall be limited to the amount paid by BNL to VIP in the twelve (12) month period prior to the accrual of the action or claim for the specific service which is the subject of the action or claim (or, if such accrual occurs during the first twelve (12) months of the initial term, then the liability shall be limited to the minimum fees payable by BNL to VIP during the first twelve (12) months of the initial term).

of such damages. in any event, other than claims covered by the next sentence, the liability of BNL to VIP for any reason and upon any cause of action and claim in contract, tort or otherwise shall be limited to the amounts paid by BNL to VIP in the twelve (12) month period prior to the accrual of the action or claim for the specific service which is the subject of the action or claim (or, if such accrual occurs during the first twelve (12) months of the initial term, then the liability shall be limited to the minimum fees payable by BNL to VIP during the first twelve (12) months of the initial term) claims by VIP for the minimum fees and other fees and expenses owing by BNL under paragraphs 5, 15(a) and 15(c), or for a breach by BNL of VIP's proprietary rights as set forth in paragraph 13 are excluded from this paragraph II limitation except for the claims excluded by the preceding sentence, this limitation applies to all causes of action or claims in the aggregate including without limitation breach of contract, breach of warranty, negligence, strict liability, misrepresentation and other torts.

BNL shall have no liability with respect to its obligations under this agreement or otherwise for consequential, exemplary, special, indirect, incidental or punitive damages even if it has been advised of the possibility

However, if, after the Initial Term, BNL terminates this Agreement during an  Extended Term by giving less than six (6) months notice, in addition to any other sums due VIP under this Agreement, BNL shall pay to VIP a cancellation fee equal to the greater of (i) the Minimum Fee multiplied by the remaining number of months in the then current term, (ii) the average of the monthly billings for the six (6) month period immediately preceding the date upon which the notice of termination is received by VIP from BNL multiplied by the remaining number of months in the then current term or (iii) thirty thousand dollars ($30, 000).

To ensure that a backup facility will be available in

case of such a failure, VIP will maintain disaster and/or business interruption insurance adequate to establish alternate site processing, as provided for in paragraph 12(A) of this Agreement.

During the term of this Agreement, in addition to its other obligations set forth in this Agreement, VIP shall:   A. Maintain property insurance in an amount sufficient to replace or reconstruct the hardware, software, data and facilities necessary for VIP to operate the VIP System and otherwise provide the EDP Services set forth in this Agreement and, upon written request, shall provide BNL with evidence of the coverage, including all applicable limits and conditions, and, upon written request, shall provide BNL with evidence of all renewals, cancellations, expirations or modifications of the coverage;

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.

The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center

LBIO

MD Anderson and LBIO are hereinafter individually referred to as a "Party" and are collectively known as the "Parties".

MD Anderson

April 17, 2017

The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, United States of America, without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions.

As between the Parties, and without limiting MD Anderson's assistance obligations under Section 7.2(b), LBIO shall have the sole and exclusive right to file patents covering or claiming Inventions and shall bear all costs with respect to the prosecution and maintenance thereof.

LBIO may assign or transfer this Agreement without the prior written consent of but with written notice to MD Anderson promptly following consummation of the relevant transaction.

MD Anderson hereby acknowledges and agrees that the rights and obligations hereunder are of a personal nature and, therefore, neither this Agreement nor any right or obligation contained within shall be assignable, transferable or delegable in whole or in part by MD Anderson and MD Anderson shall not, without the prior written consent of LBIO, sub-contract or otherwise engage any consultant or other third party to perform any of MD Anderson's activities or obligations under this Agreement or any Study Order.

LBIO agrees to commit funding in an amount not to exceed $14,211,864.00 for the performance of the Studies during the Term (collectively, "Initial Funding"), with the Initial Funding specifically allocated as follows: (a) $[* * *] for an upfront payment, and a minimum of $[* * *] for enrollment and treatment of a minimum of 40 patients in the Study described in Exhibit I (i.e., the Minimum Enrollment Target as defined in Exhibit 1) or up to $[* * *] (an "Individual Study Budget") for enrollment and treatment of up to 60 patients in the Study described in Exhibit I (i.e., the Maximum Enrollment Target as defined in Exhibit 1); (b) $[* * *] (which shall also be considered an Individual Study Budget) for enrollment, manufacturing of product, and treatment of 30 patients in the Study described in Exhibit II; and (c) $[* * *] for the Study described in Exhibit III.

With respect to Exhibit 1, the Individual Study Budget shall be the one associated with the Minimum Enrollment Target (as defined in Exhibit 1), and in the event that the Parties move to the Maximum Enrollment Target (as defined in Exhibit 1) then this table shall be applied to the incremental additional patients as if the incremental additional patients constitute their own protocol/budget.

However, to the extent that any Work may not, by operation of any Laws, be a work made for hire, MD Anderson hereby assigns, transfers and conveys to LBIO all of MD Anderson's worldwide right, title and interest in and to such Work, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein and relating thereto, subject to MD Anderson's right to use such Work for internal research, academic, and non-commercial patient care purposes prior to publication or public disclosure.

MD Anderson shall promptly make full written disclosure to LBIO, shall hold in trust for the sole right and benefit of LBIO, and hereby assigns, transfers and conveys to LBIO, or its designee, all of MD Anderson's worldwide right, title and interest in and to any and all Inventions and all Intellectual Property Rights therein and relating thereto[, provided that MD Anderson shall retain the right to use any such Invention for internal research, academic, and patient care purposes]

MD Anderson further acknowledges and agrees that all original works of authorship that are made by MD Anderson (solely or jointly with others) in the performance of the Research, excluding any publication made in accordance with Section 6.4 (a "Work") and that are protectable by copyright are "works made for hire," as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act.

In addition, to the extent that it is legally able to do so, MD Anderson hereby grants LBIO a royalty-free right and license to use and reproduce any Publication.

MD Anderson hereby grants LBIO a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual license (with rights to sub-license) under, in and to all Background Intellectual Property that is: (a) owned by MD Anderson; (b) consists of and/or comprises the manufacturing protocol utilized by MD Anderson in the conduct of a Study; and (c) reasonably necessary to exploit (including developing, obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing, or commercializing) any Invention, Study result, or Study article, or any improvement or derivative thereof, strictly limited to the Fields (collectively, the "Non-Exclusively Licensed MD Anderson Background Intellectual Property"), to the extent that such Non- Exclusively Licensed MD Anderson Background Intellectual Property does not include Third Party IP (as defined hereinafter).

MD Anderson also grants LBIO a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual license (with rights to sub-license) under, in and to any and all data generated by MD Anderson in conducting studies of TILs in double refractory melanoma outside of the Collaboration and as of the Effective Date, and LBIO shall have unrestricted rights to use such double refractory melanoma data in governmental and regulatory submissions, including submissions that may become public.

MD Anderson hereby grants LBIO a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual license (with rights to sub-license) under, in and to all Background Intellectual Property that is: (a) owned by MD Anderson; (b) consists of and/or comprises the manufacturing protocol utilized by MD Anderson in the conduct of a Study; and (c) reasonably necessary to exploit (including developing, obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing, or commercializing) any Invention, Study result, or Study article, or any improvement or derivative thereof, strictly limited to the Fields (collectively, the "Non-Exclusively Licensed MD Anderson Background Intellectual Property"), to the extent that such Non- Exclusively Licensed MD Anderson Background Intellectual Property does not include Third Party IP (as defined hereinafter).

MD Anderson also grants LBIO a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual license (with rights to sub-license) under, in and to any and all data generated by MD Anderson in conducting studies of TILs in double refractory melanoma outside of the Collaboration and as of the Effective Date, and LBIO shall have unrestricted rights to use such double refractory melanoma data in governmental and regulatory submissions, including submissions that may become public.

LBIO may use the records and Reports (as defined below) for any purpose, including interactions and communications with, and/or submissions and filings to the applicable governmental or regulatory authorities.

MD Anderson shall make such records available to LBIO upon reasonable notice during MD Anderson's normal business hours.

NEITHER LBIO NOR MD ANDERSON, NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, MEMBERS OR EMPLOYEES, SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY OF ANY TYPE, FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING THE LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF USE, OR LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFIT, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY STUDY ORDER; PROVIDED, THAT, THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER SHALL NOT APPLY WITH RESPECT TO (1) A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, (2) A PARTY'S BREACH OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-USE OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY-RELATED MATTERS OR (3) A PARTY'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT.

Accordingly, LBIO shall have available, in addition to any other right or remedy available to it, the right to seek an injunction from a court of competent jurisdiction restraining such a breach (or threatened breach) and to specific performance of any such Section.

NEITHER LBIO NOR MD ANDERSON, NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, MEMBERS OR EMPLOYEES, SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY OF ANY TYPE, FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING THE LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF USE, OR LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFIT, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY STUDY ORDER; PROVIDED, THAT, THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER SHALL NOT APPLY WITH RESPECT TO (1) A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, (2) A PARTY'S BREACH OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-USE OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY-RELATED MATTERS OR (3) A PARTY'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT.

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Licensor

Neon Systems, Inc.

Peregrine/Bridge Transfer Corporation

Licensee

1st day of January, 1996

This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.

This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.

This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE SIATE OF TEXAS.

Each of Licensor and Licensee understands and acknowledges that Licensor shall be entitled to protect and preserve the going concern value of Licensor's business to the extent permitted by law and that Licensor would not have entered into this Agreement absent the provisions of this Section 10.1 and, therefore, each of Licensor and Licensee agrees that during the term of this Agreement Licensee shall not engage in, represent in any way or be connected with directly or indirectly any business competing with the Licensed Products.

Licensor hereby grants to Licensee an exclusive in the Territory to (1) make Sublicense Copies and copies of the Documentation to meet the demand of Redistributors and Customers and (2) market and sublicense Sublicense Copies and copies of the Documentation, together with any copies of promotional and other materials which Licensor may produce or obtain from time to time to assist Licensee in marketing and sublicensing the Licensed Products during the term of this Agreement by any one or more of the following means:

     (a)  TO A REDISTRIBUTOR: To a Redistributor pursuant to a Redistributor           Agreement containing substantially the same terms and conditions as           are set forth in this Agreement (subject to Section 2.5) and a           Sublicense with each Customer of Redistributor in accordance with           subsection 2.2(b); or

     (b)  TO CUSTOMERS: Pursuant to a Sublicense signed by the Customer.

(2)   Upon thirty (30) days prior written notice if Licensee enters into an           agreement or other arrangement relating to the merger of Licensee with           another entity, the acquisition of the majority of Licensee's issued            and outstanding capital stock or the acquisition of substantially all           of the assets of Licensee.

Licensor may terminate this Agreement:

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other party to this Agreement; provided, however, that Licensor may assign this Agreement to a subsidiary or entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with Licensor.

Licensee shall pay to Licensor for maintenance and support and upgrade           services provided under the applicable Sublicense or other written           maintenance and support agreement with or approved by Licensee for           each of the Licensed Products a fee equal to 50% of all revenues           received (without deduction for value added tax, if any) by Licensee           from a Redistributor or Customer relating to maintenance and support           services or services for Upgrades or upgrades of systems for such           Licensed Product.

Licensee shall pay to Licensor for each Licensed Product licensed to a           Redistributor or a Customer a licensee fee equal to 50% of all            revenues received (without deduction for value added tax, if any, but           excluding any revenues for maintenance and support or upgrade            services, which revenues are covered in paragraph (b) below) by            Licensee under the Redistributor Agreement or Sublicense applicable           to such Licensed Product.

Licensor may terminate this Agreement:

    (1)   Upon ninety (90) days prior written notice if Licensee does not enter            into Sublicenses and other agreements relating to the Licensed            Products with Redistributors and Customers that result in fees payable           to Licensor hereunder in an aggregate amount equal to or greater than            the Quota Amount for any year during the term hereof.  As used herein,           the term "Quota Amount" means $50,000 for each of the first and second           years of the original term of this Agreement and an amount agreed to            in writing by the parties hereto in respect of any subsequent one year           renewal term (provided that such amount equals or exceeds $50,000).             If Licensor fails to deliver notice of termination pursuant to this            subsection 14.2(b)(1) within six (6) months after the end of the term           to which such termination relates, Licensor will be deemed to have            waived such termination right in respect of such term (but not in            respect of subsequent terms);

Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive right to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, logos and designations (collectively, the "Marks") relating to the Licensed Products or the Documentation during the term of this Agreement in the marketing by Licensee of the Licensed Products, provided that such Marks clearly indicate Licensor as the owner of the Marks whenever the Licensed Product or Documentation is first mentioned in any written material referencing the Licensed Product and the proper symbol is used in a superscript following the Marks.

Licensor hereby grants to Licensee an exclusive in the Territory to (1) make Sublicense Copies and copies of the Documentation to meet the demand of Redistributors and Customers and (2) market and sublicense Sublicense Copies and copies of the Documentation, together with any copies of promotional and other materials which Licensor may produce or obtain from time to time to assist Licensee in marketing and sublicensing the Licensed Products during the term of this Agreement by any one or more of the following means:

     (a)  TO A REDISTRIBUTOR: To a Redistributor pursuant to a Redistributor           Agreement containing substantially the same terms and conditions as           are set forth in this Agreement (subject to Section 2.5) and a           Sublicense with each Customer of Redistributor in accordance with           subsection 2.2(b); or

     (b)  TO CUSTOMERS: Pursuant to a Sublicense signed by the Customer.

Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non- exclusive, worldwide right to use and reproduce the Master Copy of each Licensed Product and the related Documentation during the term of this Agreement for testing, demonstration to Redistributors. and Customers, support and maintenance, if any, back-up and archive purposes.

Licensee shall keep proper records and books of account concerning the reproduction and sublicensing of the Licensed Products that are adequate to determine the amount of fees owed to Licensor and Licensee shall preserve such records and books in a safe place for a period of five (5) years following termination of this Agreement.

Upon the termination or expiration of the term of this Agreement, the parties shall have the following rights and obligations:

(e)  All valid Redistributor Agreements and Sublicenses by and between           Licensee and any Redistributors and Customers will remain and continue           in full force and effect for the remainder of their respective terms,           and at Licensor's option Licensee shall assign to Licensor its rights           in such agreements with respect to the Licensed Products or           Documentation; provided that if Licensor fails to provide reasonable           support to any Redistributor or Customer, Licensee may support such           Redistributor or Customer without payment of fees to Licensor.

During the term of this Agreement and the five (5) year period immediately following termination of this Agreement, Licensor will have the right, at its own expense, to audit and examine Licensees records concerning either (a) the reproduction and sublicensing of the Licensed Products and the resulting fees due to Licensor or (b) compliance by Licensee with its obligations as to confidentiality under this Agreement.

and in such a manner so as to not unreasonably interfere with such party's business operations.

Any such audit shall be





conducted during normal business hours, upon at least three business days prior written notification to the party to be audited stating the purpose of the audit

During the term of this Agreement and the five (5) year period immediately following termination of this Agreement, Licensee will have the right, at its own expense, to audit and examine Licensor's records concerning compliance by Licensor with its obligations as to confidentiality under this Agreement.

Licensor's total liability to Licensee under any provision of this Agreement shall be limited to the amount actually paid by Licensee to Licensor for the Licensed Product giving rise to the liability.

If such error or discrepancy is not resolved within thirty (30) days after Licensee's

IN NO EVENT SHALL A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT,





INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE LICENSED PRODUCTS OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LMTED TO LOSS OF PROFIT OR OTHER MONETARY LOSS, LOSS OR INTERRUPTION OF DATA OR CONTUTER TIME, ALTERATION OR ERRONEOUS TRANSNUSSION OF DATA OR PROGRAM ERRORS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY IS ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

written notice to Licensor, then Licensee as its sole remedy may (a) extend  the correction period to a date which is agreeable to Licensor and Licensee  or (b) return all copies of the Licensed Products to Licensor with a  certification by an authorized representative of Licensee that all copies  have been returned to Licensor or have been destroyed and that Licensee has  not retained any copies thereof and Licensor shall refund to Licensee the  amount paid by Licensee to Licensor for such Licensed Products.

THE REMEDIES SPECIFIED ABOVE SHALL BE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES OF LICENSEE REGARDING THE LICENSED PRODUCTS.

If Licensee or any Redistributor or Customer discovers any error in any Licensed Product or discrepancy in any Licensed Product from the Documentation that results in a material loss of performance in the Licensed Product within the twelve (12) month warranty period, then Licensor shall provide Licensee with the correction or method of resolving such error or discrepancy provided that Licensor shall not be responsible for any error or discrepancy caused by failure to use the Licensed Products as specified in the Documentation or any modifications made to any Licensed Product by or on behalf of a party other than Licensor.

For twelve (12) months after delivery of the Master Copy of each Licensed Product to Licensee, Licensor warrants that the media in which the Licensed Products are stored shall be free from defects in materials and workmanship, assuming normal use.  Licensee may return any defective media to Licensor for replacement free of charge during such twelve (12) month period.

If such error or discrepancy is not resolved within thirty (30) days after Licensee's

written notice to Licensor, then Licensee as its sole remedy may (a) extend  the correction period to a date which is agreeable to Licensor and Licensee  or (b) return all copies of the Licensed Products to Licensor with a  certification by an authorized representative of Licensee that all copies  have been returned to Licensor or have been destroyed and that Licensee has  not retained any copies thereof and Licensor shall refund to Licensee the  amount paid by Licensee to Licensor for such Licensed Products.

Licensee shall accept or reject the Licensed Products or Documentation within a ten (10) day evaluation period after receipt of such Licensed Product and the related Documentation by Licensee.

Licensee  shall pay for all services rendered by Licensor in connection with the  Licensed Products or Documentation that are not covered or at that time are  no longer covered by the warranty described in this Agreement.

For twelve (12) months after delivery of any Licensed Product to a Customer, whether Customer receives such Licensed Product from Licensee or a Redistributor, Licensor warrants that each Licensed Product will perform as described in the applicable Documentation.  If Licensee or any Redistributor or Customer discovers any errors or discrepancies in the Licensed Products from the Documentation during the twelve (12) month warranty period, Licensee shall notify Licensor promptly in writing of such error or discrepancy in sufficient detail to enable Licensor to recreate the error or discrepancy.  If the error or discrepancy is found by Licensee prior to the expiration of the ten (10) day evaluation period set forth in Section 4.2, such evaluation period shall be extended ten (10) days from the date of receipt by Licensee of the corrected Licensed Product from Licensor.

LICENCE AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

("TELKOM")

SAP AFRICA

SYSTEMS APPLICATIONS PRODUCTS (AFRICA) (PTY) LIMITED

TELKOM SOUTH AFRICA LIMITED

31st day of  March 2001

The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this   AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated   under clause 6. 2.

Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date   when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the   effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for   elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a   non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE,   DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at   the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.

This AGREEMENT shall be governed by and construed under the   Laws of the Republic of South Africa.

TELKOM shall not copy the source code, nor disclose it to any third party except   agents retained by TELKOM to assist in maintaining the SOFTWARE, provided   that no such agent is in the business of marketing or developing SOFTWARE   competitive with the SOFTWARE.

This AGREEMENT and the licence granted hereunder shall terminate should any   of the following events occur:   6. 2. 1.        30 (thirty) days after TELKOM gives SAP AFRICA written notice of   TELKOM's wish to terminate this AGREEMENT for any reason. Any such   termination shall be subject to accrued rights and obligations but only after   payment of all Licence and Maintenance Fees then due and owing;

The Maintenance Services may be terminated by TELKOM in writing at   any time upon 3 (three) months prior written notice.

TELKOM hereby grants SAP   AFRICA the right of first refusal to any licence to, or assignment of, such   TELKOM extension or TELKOM modification and TELKOM agrees not to dispose

of or license, its rights thereto to any third party for a consideration not less than,   and upon other terms not less favourable than those initially offered to SAP   AFRICA.

Neither Party shall be entitled to cede, or delegate its rights and obligations arising   from this AGREEMENT or to assign this AGREEMENT to any other person or   entity without the prior written consent of the other party provided that either party   shall be entitled to assign this AGREEMENT, in whole and not part only, to any of   its' subsidiary or holding companies (as defined and contemplated in the   Companies Act of 1973, as amended) provided that any such assignment shall   ipso facto cease to be of any further force and effect as between the parties,   should the assignee cease, for whatever reason, to be a subsidiary or holding   company, of the assignor.

For the financial year   commencing 01 March 2002 and thereafter until agreed otherwise, the   REVENUE SHARE PERCENTAGE shall be 10% provided that should the   percentage of TELKOM'S direct and indirect procurement expenditure that is   transacted USING the SOFTWARE equal those percentage ranges stipulated   below, then, the REVENUE SHARE PERCENTAGE shall be decreased to the   corresponding percentage:       Percentage of TELKOM'S procurement USING SOFTWARE       Between 60% and 79%      80% or greater        9%        8%

For the period commencing from the effective date and ending February 2002,   the REVENUE SHARE PERCENTAGE shall be 10%.

5. 2. 2. 3.     value add services that SAP AFRICA and it's licensors may provide to   TELKOM and/or BUSINESS THIRD PARTIES USING, or in respect   of, the SOFTWARE and/or the Marketplace;   5. 2. 2. 4.      value added services that TELKOM may provide to BUSINESS   THIRD PARTIES USING or in respect of the SOFTWARE and/or the   Marketplace; and   5. 2. 2. 5.      any other fee or charge that TELKOM and SAP AFRICA may in the   future agree, should be included in the total gross revenue.   Where REVENUE SHARE is levied from a Net Market Maker connected to the   TELKOM Marketplace, then, the cumulative REVENUE SHARE shall not exceed   the REVENUE SHARE PERCENTAGE.

Should TELKOM be the effective cause   of the sale and licensing to any person or entity, of the following products, then   TELKOM shall be entitled to receive from the licensor of such product, a referral   fee equal to 10 % of the agreed license fee of each such product:   5. 7. 1      Net Market Maker;   5. 7. 2      Enterprise Buyer (Professional); and/or   5. 7. 3      Private Exchange.

For the purposes of calculating the REVENUE   SHARE FEE payable to SAP AFRICA, " the total gross revenue" earned or   derived by TELKOM from the USE of the SOFTWARE:   5. 2. 1.       shall exclude:   5. 2. 1. 1.         VAT and other Government taxes raised on such revenue;   5. 2. 1. 2.         any credits, if any, that TELKOM may grant on a formal basis, to a       BUSINESS THIRD PARTIES;   5. 2. 1. 3.         royalties or fees that may be payable by TELKOM to a bona fide third       party who provides, in terms of formal arrangements with TELKOM,       additional functionality, enhancement or value add services to, or in       respect of, the SOFTWARE; any revenue earned or derived by       TELKOM pursuant to TELKOM providing goods and/or services in a       manner that does not USE the SOFTWARE; and   5. 2. 1. 4.         any other type of cost or charge that SAP AFRICA and TELKOM may       expressly agree shall be excluded;   5. 2. 2.              shall include the following amounts payable to TELKOM by BUSINESS          THIRD PARTIES for:   5. 2. 2. 1.         all charges and fees for accessing the Marketplace, any value add       services, any information, access to, or USE of, the SOFTWARE;   5. 2. 2. 2.         regular or once - off subscription fees for access to, or USE of, the       SOFTWARE, or the Marketplace or any information in respect       thereof;

In addition to the Licence Fee, TELKOM shall pay to SAP AFRICA an amount   equal to that percentage stipulated in 5. 3 ("the REVENUE SHARE   PERCENTAGE"), of TELKOM'S total gross revenue that TELKOM earns or   derives from commercial exploitation of the SOFTWARE licensed in terms hereof.

("the REVENUE SHARE FEE").

The revenue share that TELKOM shall pay to SAP AFRICA shall be 10%.

TELKOM is licensed to install at the DESIGNATED SITE no more than 1 (one)   copy of the SOFTWARE on the DESIGNATED UNIT utilised for testing and   backup purposes The DESIGNATED UNIT utilised for testing and backup   purposes of the SOFTWARE, must be of the same type as those used at the    DESIGNATED SITE for USE.

In the event that SAP AFRICA develops jointly with TELKOM for universal   application and jointly funds with TELKOM, any extension or modification to the   licensed SOFTWARE, then save as may otherwise be agreed upon in writing by   SAP AFRICA and TELKOM, such extensions or modifications will be the joint   property of SAP AFRICA and TELKOM provided that   8. 3. 1.    Neither SAP AFRICA nor TELKOM will grant to any third party, either   expressly or impliedly, any rights, title, interest in, or licences to, such jointly   developed modification or extension.

Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date   when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the   effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for   elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a   non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE,   DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at   the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.

"TERRITORY" means, for the purposes of USING the SOFTWARE,   all countries in. AFRICA;

Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date   when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the   effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for   elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a   non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE,   DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at   the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.

Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date   when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the   effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for   elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a   non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE,   DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at   the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.

have a non-exclusive, non-transferable LICENCE to use the source code solely for   its own USE in order to support and maintain the SOFTWARE and for no other   purpose whatsoever.

The Escrow Agreement provides that the Escrow Agent shall,   under certain circumstances, release the Source Code and related   DOCUMENTATION to TELKOM.

TELKOM shall not have the right to access the Source Code if SAP AG or a   SAP AG affiliate agrees to assume, carries out and continues to carry out,   SAP Africa's maintenance obligations under this AGREEMENT, pursuant to   the terms and conditions hereof.

TELKOM may, at its own cost, verify that the new version of the Source Code   is deposited with the Escrow Agent.

TELKOM shall have a non-exclusive, non-transferable LICENCE to USE the   Source Code solely for its own use in order to support and maintain the   SOFTWARE and for no other purpose whatsoever.

TELKOM   agrees not to copy the Source Code, nor to disclose it to any third party except   Agents retained by TELKOM to assist in maintaining SOFTWARE, provided   that no such Agent is in the business of marketing or developing software   competitive to the SOFTWARE.

Without prejudice to any express provision to the contrary contained in the   AGREEMENT, TELKOM shall have the right to access the Source Code if   SAP:   1. 4. 1                           is in default of any material term, condition or provision of this   AGREEMENT as a consequence of which the TELKOM is prevented from   having substantial USE and benefit of the SOFTWARE in terms thereof   and remains in default for a period of 30 (thirty) days from receipt of the   first written request to remedy the default concerned; or   1. 4. 2                            ceases to carry on business or to provide the particular USE, service or   benefit referred to in clause 12. 4. 1; or   1. 4. 3                           becomes bankrupt or has a receiving order made against it, or is placed in   liquidation or under judicial management in either case, whether   provisional or final, or is deregistered.

SAP Africa further warrants that SAP AG will from time to time (as soon as   the relevant RELEASE and/or VERSION has been finalised) deposit into the   escrow account copies of all new versions of the Source Code and related   DOCUMENTATION encompassing any and all copies of all versions of the   Source Code and related DOCUMENTATION encompassing any and all   CORRECTION LEVELS.

In the event of a release of the source code to TELKOM   under the Escrow agreement, TELKOM agrees to hold same in strict confidence   and to take appropriate action to preserve its confidentiality, and TELKOM shall

TELKOM shall USE the   Source Code only at its own premises on its own data processing equipment   or third parties in accordance with clause 3 of the AGREEMENT.

SAP Africa warrants that the entire source code for the SOFTWARE owned by   or licensed by SAP AG and/or COMMERCE ONE INC.. ("Source Code"),   together with related DOCUMENTATION as it is, or becomes available, shall   be deposited into an escrow account by no later than 30 June 2001 which is   maintained at Volksbank Wiesloch, Germany (the "Escrow Agent"), pursuant   to an agreement between the Escrow Agent and SAP AG (the "Escrow   Agreement").

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this AGREEMENT, a party   hereto (the "defaulting party") shall not be liable for any consequential damage or   loss of whatever nature and/or however caused, that may be suffered by the other   party (the "innocent party") other than for consequential loss or damages suffered   by the innocent party caused by the wilful or intentional acts or omissions of the

For the avoidance of doubt, it is recorded that SAP AFRICA will not be liable under   this AGREEMENT for:   11. 3. 1       the MODIFICATION or improvement of the SOFTWARE by TELKOM to fit   the particular requirements of TELKOM; or   11. 3. 2       the correction of any data errors resulting from MODIFICATIONS or   EXTENSIONS by TELKOM or its agents; or   11. 3. 3       the correction of any data errors as a result of misuse of the SOFTWARE by   TELKOM or its agents; or   11. 3. 4       preparation or conversion of data by TELKOM into the form required for use   with the SOFTWARE.

TELKOM'S sole and exclusive remedies for any breach of SAP AFRICA'S   warranties contained in clause 10 shall, at SAP AFRICA'S option, be either:   11. 1. 1       replacement of the SOFTWARE and/or performance of services in respect   thereof; or   11. 1. 2       return or credit of an appropriate portion of any payment made, or to be   made, by TELKOM with respect to the defective portion, or the whole of the   SOFTWARE or Maintenance Services, but excluding the License Fee or any   portion thereof.   SAP AFRICA must exercise its option within 20 days of first becoming aware of the   defect.

defaulting party or any person or entity in respect of whom the defaulting party may   be vicariously liable.

Subject to, and without prejudice to the provisions of this clause 11. 1 and clause   10, SAP AFRICA'S liability for any loss or damages of whatever nature or however   arising, that may be suffered by TELKOM or AFFILIATE from USE or license of the   SOFTWARE and irrespective of the number of occurrences giving rise to such   liability, shall be limited to the aggregate of all License Fees paid by TELKOM to   SAP AFRICA in terms of this AGREEMENT, up until the date when such damages   are determined or agreed.

SAP AFRICA, SAP AG and their licensors, shall not be liable for any claims,   liabilities and costs, including attorneys fees, reasonably incurred in the defence   of any claim (other than for the infringement of intellectual property rights   specified in clause 10. 3 above), arising out of TELKOM'S unauthorised use of the   SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, THIRD-PARTY DATABASE and SAP   AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION, licensed under this AGREEMENT   provided that SAP AFRICA promptly notifies TELKOM in writing of such claim   and that TELKOM is permitted to control fully the defence and any settlement of   such claim.

Motor Vehicle Liability Insurance in respect of all motor vehicles brought onto the   premises of TELKOM.

Insurance in terms of the Compensation for Injuries and Diseases Act, No. 130 of   1993, as amended

Without limiting SAP AFRICA'S liabilities or responsibilities in terms of the   AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA will provide and maintain insurance to cover its   liability and responsibilities in terms of this AGREEMENT.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT

("Equifax")

("Certegy")

Certegy Inc.

Equifax Inc.

June 30, 2001

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the





laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of such state.

In the event that Certegy, or another member of the Certegy Group, shall enter into a Divested Business transaction with respect to the Certegy Group, and the scope of permitted use or other terms applicable to the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) under the license or sublicenses granted in this Section 4.1 are required to be modified to effect such transaction, Equifax will, or will cause the sublicensor under the applicable sublicense to, agree to such modifications to the extent (i) required for the transaction to be effected and (ii) not materially detrimental to the interests of the Equifax Group.

Neither of the parties hereto may assign its rights or delegate any of its duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of each other party.

Effective as of the Closing Date, and subject to Sections 2.3 and 2.4 and Article III hereof, Equifax agrees, at its expense, to transfer, or cause to be transferred, to Certegy or to a Designated Certegy Member all right, title and interest held by Equifax and/or its Affiliates as of the Closing Date in and to each of the assets identified on Exhibit B hereto, subject to the retained rights described therein.

Equifax hereby assigns, and shall cause each member of the Equifax Group to assign, to Certegy, or the respective Designated Certegy Member, all right, title and interest it may hold in and to such modifications, improvements, Certegy Enhancements and Derivative Works.

Certegy hereby assigns, and shall cause each member of the Certegy Group to assign, to Equifax, or the respective Designated Equifax Member, all right, title and interest it may hold in and to such modifications, improvements, Equifax Enhancements and Derivative Works.

As of the Closing Date, all right, title and

interest in and to (i) the APPLY source code (other                           than the source code owned by Equifax pursuant to                           subsection B below) and object code, including the                           customer level code written in the TCL or APPLY Basic                           programming language, (ii) documentation related to                           the foregoing, and (iii) all patents, patent rights                           and copyrights related thereto, shall be and at all                           times will remain the sole and exclusive property of                           Certegy.

object code and documentation, including, without

and interest in and to the Retail Reach source code,

Any patent rights to any invention that (i)                           has been incorporated into an asset and (ii) was                           created or developed (in any form or manner) prior to                           the Distribution Date, shall be jointly owned by the                           respective parties.

As of the Closing Date, all right, title

limitation, all patents, patent rights and copyrights                           related thereto, shall be and at all times will remain                           jointly owned by Equifax and Certegy.

Equifax hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy a fully paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, non-transferable license to use, modify, copy, improve, create Derivative Works and Certegy Enhancements from, and sublicense the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) solely for use in the Certegy Business and as that business may evolve and change in the future, subject to the following:

          (i)   Certegy shall not sublicense, or otherwise disclose or                 distribute, or permit any Person to use, the Licensed Equifax                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs), except in                 accordance with Section 4.1(b);

          (ii)  Certegy shall hold the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) in strict confidence; will not remove                 or destroy any proprietary markings of the Equifax Group on or                 contained in the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility

Equifax hereby grants, and will cause each member of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy and each member of the Certegy Group a fully paid, non- exclusive, worldwide, non-transferable right to continue to use the Equifax Marks employed in the Certegy Business, but only to the extent such Equifax Marks were displayed by the Certegy Group prior to the Distribution Date (i) on the Transferred Equifax Assets, (ii) on premises jointly occupied with Equifax, and (iii) on letterhead, product and services documentation, invoices, software programs, packaging and similar materials used by the members of the Certegy Group, and such Equifax Marks are used in accordance with the guidelines for usage of the Equifax Marks published and amended by Equifax from time to time.

Software Programs) to the members of the Equifax Group, which sublicenses may include the right to further sublicense such Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) to such Group member's customers solely for each such customer's internal business purposes to the extent related to the Equifax Business.

The sublicense rights granted to Equifax pursuant to Section 4.4(a) include the right for Equifax to grant sublicenses to the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility

Software Programs); and will include the copyright and patent                 notices of the licensor as specified from time to time by the                 licensor for the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) on and in all copies of the Licensed                 Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs);

          (iii) Certegy shall not export or re-export the Licensed Equifax                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) without the                 appropriate United States or foreign government licenses; and

          (iv)  all sublicenses from Certegy to members of the Certegy Group (A)





                shall contain the rights and restrictions set forth in this                 Section 4.1(a) with respect to the license granted to Certegy                 and comply with Sections 4.1(b) through (d) hereof and (B) shall                 be diligently enforced by Certegy.

All sublicensing by Equifax and other members of the Equifax Group to any one of their customers shall be pursuant to written agreements with such customer, executed before or at the time of furnishing each copy of the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) to such customer, and which provide at a minimum that such customer:

          (i)   receives only a personal, non-transferable and nonexclusive                 right to use such copy of the Licensed Certegy Materials                 (excluding the Utility Software Programs);

          (ii)  receives no title in the intellectual property contained in the                 Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software                 Programs);

          (iii) will not copy the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs), except as necessary to use such                 Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software                 Programs) in accordance with the license grant and to make one                 archival copy;

          (iv)  will not export or re-export the Licensed Certegy Materials                 (excluding the Utility Software Programs) without the                 appropriate United States or foreign government licenses;

          (v)   will hold the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility                 Software Programs) in confidence; will not reverse compile or                 disassemble the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs); will not remove or destroy any                 proprietary markings of the licensor on or contained in the                 Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software                 Programs); and will include the copyright and patent notices of                 the licensor as specified from time to time by the licensor for                 the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software                 Programs) on and in all copies of the Licensed Certegy Materials                 (excluding the Utility Software Programs); and

          (vi)  will not sublicense, assign or otherwise transfer the Licensed                 Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) to                 any other Person.

Certegy hereby grants, and will cause each member of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax and each member of the Equifax Group a fully paid, non- exclusive, worldwide, non-

Certegy hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax a fully paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, non-transferable license to use, modify, copy, improve, create Derivative Works and Equifax Enhancements from, and sublicense the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) solely for use in the Equifax Business and as that business may evolve and change in the future, subject to the following:

          (i)   Equifax shall not sublicense, or otherwise disclose or                 distribute, or permit any Person to use, the Licensed Certegy                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs), except in                 accordance with Section 4.4(b);

          (ii)  Equifax shall hold the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) in strict confidence; will not remove                 or destroy any proprietary markings of the Certegy Group on or                 contained in the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the





                Utility Software Programs); and will include the copyright and                 patent notices of the licensor as specified from time to time by                 the licensor for the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) on and in all copies of the Licensed                 Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs);

          (iii) Equifax shall not export or re-export the Licensed Certegy                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) without the                 appropriate United States or foreign government license; and

          (iv)  all sublicenses from Equifax to members of the Equifax Group (A)                 shall contain the rights and restrictions set forth in this                 Section 4.4(a) with respect to the license granted to Equifax                 and comply with Sections 4.4(b) through (d) hereof and (B) shall                 be diligently enforced by Equifax.

The parties acknowledge and agree that, as between the                           parties, all right, title and interest in and to the





                          trademark or service mark "APPLY," as it relates to                           the APPLY software product, shall be and remain the                           sole and exclusive property of Certegy; provided,                           however, that Certegy shall grant to Equifax a                           perpetual, fully paid, world-wide, exclusive license                           to use the "APPLY" trademark or service mark solely                           for use in combination with the mark "Equifax" and                           solely in connection with the use of the APPLY                           software PRODUCT.

As of the Closing Date, Equifax and Certegy                           shall each have the perpetual, fully paid, worldwide                           right and license to make, use, sell, copy,                           distribute, import, develop Derivative Works or                           enhancements of, and publicly perform and display, for                           any purpose, the entire APPLY software product (to the                           extent the licensee does not already own the same), in                           both source and object code format, and the                           documentation thereof without any obligation                           (including any obligation to account or pay royalties)                           or liability to the other owner.

Certegy hereby grants to Equifax a fully                           paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide license to                           use, modify, copy, improve and create Derivative Works                           and enhancements from, in source code and object code                           format, processes or procedures developed by Equifax                           in support to the Paynet Secure software product that                           have applicability independent of or from the Paynet                           Secure software product.

transferable right to continue to use the Marks that were owned immediately prior to the Distribution Date by a member of the Certegy Group and employed in the Equifax Business, but only to the extent such Marks were displayed by the Equifax Group prior to the Distribution Date (i) on assets owned by Equifax or any member of the Equifax Group (other than the Transferred Assets), (ii) on premises jointly occupied with one or more members of the Certegy Group, and (iii) on letterhead, product and services documentation, invoices, software programs, packaging and similar materials used by the members of the Equifax Group, and such Marks are used in accordance with the same guidelines for usage as the Equifax Marks as described in subsection (a) above.

Without limiting the foregoing, Equifax hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy a fully paid, non- exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, transferable license to use, modify, improve, create Derivative Works from, and sublicense, the Utility Software Programs (in both object and source code format) identified on Exhibit L as being owned by Equifax or a member of the Equifax Group for any and all fields of use and to any and all Persons.

Without limiting the foregoing, Certegy hereby grants, and will cause





the other members of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax a fully paid, non- exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, transferable license to use, modify, improve, create Derivative Works from, and sublicense, the Utility Software Programs (in both object and source code format) identified on Exhibit L as being owned by Certegy or a member of the Certegy Group for any and all fields of use and to any and all Person

Equifax hereby grants, and will cause each member of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy and each member of the Certegy Group a fully paid, non- exclusive, worldwide, non-transferable right to continue to use the Equifax Marks employed in the Certegy Business, but only to the extent such Equifax Marks were displayed by the Certegy Group prior to the Distribution Date (i) on the Transferred Equifax Assets, (ii) on premises jointly occupied with Equifax, and (iii) on letterhead, product and services documentation, invoices, software programs, packaging and similar materials used by the members of the Certegy Group, and such Equifax Marks are used in accordance with the guidelines for usage of the Equifax Marks published and amended by Equifax from time to time.

Software Programs); and will include the copyright and patent                 notices of the licensor as specified from time to time by the                 licensor for the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) on and in all copies of the Licensed                 Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs);

          (iii) Certegy shall not export or re-export the Licensed Equifax                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) without the                 appropriate United States or foreign government licenses; and

          (iv)  all sublicenses from Certegy to members of the Certegy Group (A)





                shall contain the rights and restrictions set forth in this                 Section 4.1(a) with respect to the license granted to Certegy                 and comply with Sections 4.1(b) through (d) hereof and (B) shall                 be diligently enforced by Certegy.

Without limiting the foregoing, Certegy hereby grants, and will cause





the other members of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax a fully paid, non- exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, transferable license to use, modify, improve, create Derivative Works from, and sublicense, the Utility Software Programs (in both object and source code format) identified on Exhibit L as being owned by Certegy or a member of the Certegy Group for any and all fields of use and to any and all Persons.

Certegy hereby grants, and will cause each member of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax and each member of the Equifax Group a fully paid, non- exclusive, worldwide, non-

Certegy hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax a fully paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, non-transferable license to use, modify, copy, improve, create Derivative Works and Equifax Enhancements from, and sublicense the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) solely for use in the Equifax Business and as that business may evolve and change in the future, subject to the following:

          (i)   Equifax shall not sublicense, or otherwise disclose or                 distribute, or permit any Person to use, the Licensed Certegy                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs), except in                 accordance with Section 4.4(b);

          (ii)  Equifax shall hold the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) in strict confidence; will not remove                 or destroy any proprietary markings of the Certegy Group on or                 contained in the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the





                Utility Software Programs); and will include the copyright and                 patent notices of the licensor as specified from time to time by                 the licensor for the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) on and in all copies of the Licensed                 Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs);

          (iii) Equifax shall not export or re-export the Licensed Certegy                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) without the                 appropriate United States or foreign government license; and

          (iv)  all sublicenses from Equifax to members of the Equifax Group (A)                 shall contain the rights and restrictions set forth in this                 Section 4.4(a) with respect to the license granted to Equifax                 and comply with Sections 4.4(b) through (d) hereof and (B) shall                 be diligently enforced by Equifax.

transferable right to continue to use the Marks that were owned immediately prior to the Distribution Date by a member of the Certegy Group and employed in the Equifax Business, but only to the extent such Marks were displayed by the Equifax Group prior to the Distribution Date (i) on assets owned by Equifax or any member of the Equifax Group (other than the Transferred Assets), (ii) on premises jointly occupied with one or more members of the Certegy Group, and (iii) on letterhead, product and services documentation, invoices, software programs, packaging and similar materials used by the members of the Equifax Group, and such Marks are used in accordance with the same guidelines for usage as the Equifax Marks as described in subsection (a) above.

Equifax hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy a fully paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, non-transferable license to use, modify, copy, improve, create Derivative Works and Certegy Enhancements from, and sublicense the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) solely for use in the Certegy Business and as that business may evolve and change in the future, subject to the following:

          (i)   Certegy shall not sublicense, or otherwise disclose or                 distribute, or permit any Person to use, the Licensed Equifax                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs), except in                 accordance with Section 4.1(b);

          (ii)  Certegy shall hold the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) in strict confidence; will not remove                 or destroy any proprietary markings of the Equifax Group on or                 contained in the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility

Equifax hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy a fully paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, non-transferable license to use, modify, copy, improve, create Derivative Works and Certegy Enhancements from, and sublicense the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) solely for use in the Certegy Business and as that business may evolve and change in the future, subject to the following:

          (i)   Certegy shall not sublicense, or otherwise disclose or                 distribute, or permit any Person to use, the Licensed Equifax                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs), except in                 accordance with Section 4.1(b);

          (ii)  Certegy shall hold the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) in strict confidence; will not remove                 or destroy any proprietary markings of the Equifax Group on or                 contained in the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility

Equifax hereby grants, and will cause each member of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy and each member of the Certegy Group a fully paid, non- exclusive, worldwide, non-transferable right to continue to use the Equifax Marks employed in the Certegy Business, but only to the extent such Equifax Marks were displayed by the Certegy Group prior to the Distribution Date (i) on the Transferred Equifax Assets, (ii) on premises jointly occupied with Equifax, and (iii) on letterhead, product and services documentation, invoices, software programs, packaging and similar materials used by the members of the Certegy Group, and such Equifax Marks are used in accordance with the guidelines for usage of the Equifax Marks published and amended by Equifax from time to time.

Software Programs); and will include the copyright and patent                 notices of the licensor as specified from time to time by the                 licensor for the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) on and in all copies of the Licensed                 Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs);

          (iii) Certegy shall not export or re-export the Licensed Equifax                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) without the                 appropriate United States or foreign government licenses; and

          (iv)  all sublicenses from Certegy to members of the Certegy Group (A)





                shall contain the rights and restrictions set forth in this                 Section 4.1(a) with respect to the license granted to Certegy                 and comply with Sections 4.1(b) through (d) hereof and (B) shall                 be diligently enforced by Certegy.

Without limiting the foregoing, Certegy hereby grants, and will cause





the other members of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax a fully paid, non- exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, transferable license to use, modify, improve, create Derivative Works from, and sublicense, the Utility Software Programs (in both object and source code format) identified on Exhibit L as being owned by Certegy or a member of the Certegy Group for any and all fields of use and to any and all Persons.

Certegy hereby grants, and will cause each member of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax and each member of the Equifax Group a fully paid, non- exclusive, worldwide, non-

Certegy hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax a fully paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, non-transferable license to use, modify, copy, improve, create Derivative Works and Equifax Enhancements from, and sublicense the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) solely for use in the Equifax Business and as that business may evolve and change in the future, subject to the following:

          (i)   Equifax shall not sublicense, or otherwise disclose or                 distribute, or permit any Person to use, the Licensed Certegy                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs), except in                 accordance with Section 4.4(b);

          (ii)  Equifax shall hold the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) in strict confidence; will not remove                 or destroy any proprietary markings of the Certegy Group on or                 contained in the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the





                Utility Software Programs); and will include the copyright and                 patent notices of the licensor as specified from time to time by                 the licensor for the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) on and in all copies of the Licensed                 Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs);

          (iii) Equifax shall not export or re-export the Licensed Certegy                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) without the                 appropriate United States or foreign government license; and

          (iv)  all sublicenses from Equifax to members of the Equifax Group (A)                 shall contain the rights and restrictions set forth in this                 Section 4.4(a) with respect to the license granted to Equifax                 and comply with Sections 4.4(b) through (d) hereof and (B) shall                 be diligently enforced by Equifax.

Certegy hereby assigns, and shall cause each member of the Certegy Group to assign, to Equifax, or the respective Designated Equifax Member, all right, title and interest it may hold in and to such modifications, improvements, Equifax Enhancements and Derivative Works.

transferable right to continue to use the Marks that were owned immediately prior to the Distribution Date by a member of the Certegy Group and employed in the Equifax Business, but only to the extent such Marks were displayed by the Equifax Group prior to the Distribution Date (i) on assets owned by Equifax or any member of the Equifax Group (other than the Transferred Assets), (ii) on premises jointly occupied with one or more members of the Certegy Group, and (iii) on letterhead, product and services documentation, invoices, software programs, packaging and similar materials used by the members of the Equifax Group, and such Marks are used in accordance with the same guidelines for usage as the Equifax Marks as described in subsection (a) above.

Without limiting the foregoing, Equifax hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy a fully paid, non- exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, transferable license to use, modify, improve, create Derivative Works from, and sublicense, the Utility Software Programs (in both object and source code format) identified on Exhibit L as being owned by Equifax or a member of the Equifax Group for any and all fields of use and to any and all Persons.

Equifax hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy a fully paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, non-transferable license to use, modify, copy, improve, create Derivative Works and Certegy Enhancements from, and sublicense the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) solely for use in the Certegy Business and as that business may evolve and change in the future, subject to the following:

          (i)   Certegy shall not sublicense, or otherwise disclose or                 distribute, or permit any Person to use, the Licensed Equifax                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs), except in                 accordance with Section 4.1(b);

          (ii)  Certegy shall hold the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) in strict confidence; will not remove                 or destroy any proprietary markings of the Equifax Group on or                 contained in the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility

Equifax hereby grants, and will cause each member of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy and each member of the Certegy Group a fully paid, non- exclusive, worldwide, non-transferable right to continue to use the Equifax Marks employed in the Certegy Business, but only to the extent such Equifax Marks were displayed by the Certegy Group prior to the Distribution Date (i) on the Transferred Equifax Assets, (ii) on premises jointly occupied with Equifax, and (iii) on letterhead, product and services documentation, invoices, software programs, packaging and similar materials used by the members of the Certegy Group, and such Equifax Marks are used in accordance with the guidelines for usage of the Equifax Marks published and amended by Equifax from time to time.

Software Programs) to the members of the Equifax Group, which sublicenses may include the right to further sublicense such Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) to such Group member's customers solely for each such customer's internal business purposes to the extent related to the Equifax Business.

The sublicense rights granted to Equifax pursuant to Section 4.4(a) include the right for Equifax to grant sublicenses to the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility

Software Programs); and will include the copyright and patent                 notices of the licensor as specified from time to time by the                 licensor for the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) on and in all copies of the Licensed                 Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs);

          (iii) Certegy shall not export or re-export the Licensed Equifax                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) without the                 appropriate United States or foreign government licenses; and

          (iv)  all sublicenses from Certegy to members of the Certegy Group (A)





                shall contain the rights and restrictions set forth in this                 Section 4.1(a) with respect to the license granted to Certegy                 and comply with Sections 4.1(b) through (d) hereof and (B) shall                 be diligently enforced by Certegy.

Without limiting the foregoing, Certegy hereby grants, and will cause





the other members of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax a fully paid, non- exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, transferable license to use, modify, improve, create Derivative Works from, and sublicense, the Utility Software Programs (in both object and source code format) identified on Exhibit L as being owned by Certegy or a member of the Certegy Group for any and all fields of use and to any and all Persons.

Certegy hereby grants, and will cause each member of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax and each member of the Equifax Group a fully paid, non- exclusive, worldwide, non-

The sublicense rights granted to Certegy pursuant to Section 4.1(a) include the right for Certegy to grant sublicenses to the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) to the members of the Certegy Group, which sublicenses may include the right to further sublicense such Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) to such Group member's customers solely for each such customer's internal business purposes to the extent related to the Certegy Business.

transferable right to continue to use the Marks that were owned immediately prior to the Distribution Date by a member of the Certegy Group and employed in the Equifax Business, but only to the extent such Marks were displayed by the Equifax Group prior to the Distribution Date (i) on assets owned by Equifax or any member of the Equifax Group (other than the Transferred Assets), (ii) on premises jointly occupied with one or more members of the Certegy Group, and (iii) on letterhead, product and services documentation, invoices, software programs, packaging and similar materials used by the members of the Equifax Group, and such Marks are used in accordance with the same guidelines for usage as the Equifax Marks as described in subsection (a) above.

Without limiting the foregoing, Equifax hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy a fully paid, non- exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, transferable license to use, modify, improve, create Derivative Works from, and sublicense, the Utility Software Programs (in both object and source code format) identified on Exhibit L as being owned by Equifax or a member of the Equifax Group for any and all fields of use and to any and all Persons.

Software Programs); and will include the copyright and patent                 notices of the licensor as specified from time to time by the                 licensor for the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) on and in all copies of the Licensed                 Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs);

          (iii) Certegy shall not export or re-export the Licensed Equifax                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) without the                 appropriate United States or foreign government licenses; and

          (iv)  all sublicenses from Certegy to members of the Certegy Group (A)





                shall contain the rights and restrictions set forth in this                 Section 4.1(a) with respect to the license granted to Certegy                 and comply with Sections 4.1(b) through (d) hereof and (B) shall                 be diligently enforced by Certegy.

Without limiting the foregoing, Certegy hereby grants, and will cause





the other members of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax a fully paid, non- exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, transferable license to use, modify, improve, create Derivative Works from, and sublicense, the Utility Software Programs (in both object and source code format) identified on Exhibit L as being owned by Certegy or a member of the Certegy Group for any and all fields of use and to any and all Persons.

Certegy hereby grants to Equifax a fully                           paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide license to                           use, modify, copy, improve and create Derivative Works                           and enhancements from, in source code and object code                           format, processes or procedures developed by Equifax                           in support to the Paynet Secure software product that                           have applicability independent of or from the Paynet                           Secure software produc

As of the Closing Date, Equifax and Certegy                           shall each have the perpetual, fully paid, worldwide                           right and license to make, use, sell, copy,                           distribute, import, develop Derivative Works or                           enhancements of, and publicly perform and display, for                           any purpose, the entire APPLY software product (to the                           extent the licensee does not already own the same), in                           both source and object code format, and the                           documentation thereof without any obligation                           (including any obligation to account or pay royalties)                           or liability to the other owner.

Without limiting the foregoing, Equifax hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy a fully paid, non- exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, transferable license to use, modify, improve, create Derivative Works from, and sublicense, the Utility Software Programs (in both object and source code format) identified on Exhibit L as being owned by Equifax or a member of the Equifax Group for any and all fields of use and to any and all Persons.

Certegy hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Certegy Group to grant, to Equifax a fully paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, non-transferable license to use, modify, copy, improve, create Derivative Works and Equifax Enhancements from, and sublicense the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) solely for use in the Equifax Business and as that business may evolve and change in the future, subject to the following:

          (i)   Equifax shall not sublicense, or otherwise disclose or                 distribute, or permit any Person to use, the Licensed Certegy                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs), except in                 accordance with Section 4.4(b);

          (ii)  Equifax shall hold the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) in strict confidence; will not remove                 or destroy any proprietary markings of the Certegy Group on or                 contained in the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the





                Utility Software Programs); and will include the copyright and                 patent notices of the licensor as specified from time to time by                 the licensor for the Licensed Certegy Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) on and in all copies of the Licensed                 Certegy Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs);

          (iii) Equifax shall not export or re-export the Licensed Certegy                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) without the                 appropriate United States or foreign government license; and

          (iv)  all sublicenses from Equifax to members of the Equifax Group (A)                 shall contain the rights and restrictions set forth in this                 Section 4.4(a) with respect to the license granted to Equifax                 and comply with Sections 4.4(b) through (d) hereof and (B) shall

Equifax hereby grants, and will cause the other members of the Equifax Group to grant, to Certegy a fully paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, non-transferable license to use, modify, copy, improve, create Derivative Works and Certegy Enhancements from, and sublicense the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs) solely for use in the Certegy Business and as that business may evolve and change in the future, subject to the following:

          (i)   Certegy shall not sublicense, or otherwise disclose or                 distribute, or permit any Person to use, the Licensed Equifax                 Materials (excluding the Utility Software Programs), except in                 accordance with Section 4.1(b);

          (ii)  Certegy shall hold the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility Software Programs) in strict confidence; will not remove                 or destroy any proprietary markings of the Equifax Group on or                 contained in the Licensed Equifax Materials (excluding the                 Utility

access is reasonably required by the other, including without limitation, for audit, accounting and litigation purposes.

From and after the Closing Date, Equifax and Certegy shall each, and shall cause each member of its Group to, afford the other and its accountants, counsel and other designated Representatives reasonable access (including using reasonable efforts to give access to person or firms possessing such information) and duplicating rights during normal business hours to all records, books, contracts, instruments, computer data and other data and information in its possession relating to the assets, Liabilities, Licensed Materials, business and affairs of the other (other than data and information subject to any attorney/client or other privilege), insofar as such

grounds, for any punitive, consequential, indirect, exemplary, special or incidental loss or damage suffered by the other arising from or related to this Agreement, including without limitation, loss of data, profits, interest or revenue, or interruption of business, even if such party has been informed of or might otherwise anticipated or foreseen the possibility of such losses or damages; provided, however, that such limitations shall not apply to liabilities which may arise as the result of willful misconduct of a party.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall either Equifax or Certegy, or any Member of their respective Group, have any liability, whether based on contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence or strict liability), warranty or any other legal or equitable

DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT ("

Parties

BP AMERICA PRODUCTION COMPANY

BP

Company

Party

TRUE NORTH ENERGY CORP.

January 1, 2007

January 1, 2007

Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.

This Agreement and all matters pertaining hereto shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Louisiana, except to the extent that the conflict of law rules of said state would require that the laws of another state would govern its validity, construction, or interpretation.

BP shall then have an optional prior right, for a period of fifteen (15) days after receipt of such written notice, to purchase for the stated consideration on the same terms and conditions the interest which Company proposes to sell.

Any assignment of the rights and obligations under this Agreement by Company without the consent of BP shall be voidable by BP.

The rights and obligations created by this Agreement may not be assigned by Company, in whole or in part, without first obtaining BP's written consent under this Agreement, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

Company shall pay 11.67% of the Drilling Costs of the Initial Well, regardless of whether the Initial Well is successfully drilled to the Objective Zone

BP and Company shall conduct operations with respect to such Initial Well as if they have entered into the Operating Agreement until such well or a Substitute Well is drilled to and successfully Completed in the Objective Zone or until this Agreement is terminated; provided, however, if this Agreement is to be terminated without Company earning its proportionate share of the BP Interests in accordance with Section 4.1, then the Parties shall enter into an operating agreement in the form of the Operating Agreement except that the contract area of such operating agreement shall be limited to the Partial Interest.

Each of the Parties expressly waives and agrees not to seek indirect, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages of any kind with respect to any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or breach hereof.

By electing not to participate in any Completion attempt, or being deemed not to participate in any Completion attempt, Company shall be deemed to have relinquished to BP, and BP shall own and be entitled to receive, all of Company's interest in the Initial Well and share of production therefrom until the proceeds of the sale of such share, calculated at the well, or market value thereof if such share is not sold (after deducting applicable ad valorem, production, severance, windfall profits, and excise taxes, royalty, overriding royalty and other interests payable out of or measured by the production from the Initial Well accruing with respect to such interest until it reverts), shall equal the total of the following:

  (A) twenty six and one-quarter percent (26.25%) of the Completion Costs associated with the Initial Well and twenty six and one-quarter percent (26.25%) of the cost of any newly acquired surface equipment beyond the wellhead connections (including but not limited to stock tanks, separators, treaters, pumping equipment, piping and metering devices) (i.e., 300% non-consent penalty on a non-promoted basis); and

  (B) eight and three quarters percent (8.75%) of the cost of operation of the Initial Well commencing with first production and continuing until Company's interest shall revert to it in accordance with this Section 2.4 (i.e., 100% non-consent penalty on a non-promoted basis).

At all times while this Agreement is in effect, Company shall carry insurance of the types and in the minimum amounts set forth in Exhibit "G". All such insurance set forth in Exhibit "G" shall specifically name BP as an additional insured or provide that the insurer shall waive all rights of subrogation against BP.

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Distributor

B & C General Warehouse Corporation LLC

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Company

1 August 2019

1 August 2019

This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.

Distributor shall have the option to renew this Agreement for an additional Three (3) year period by providing prior written notice to Company within Ninety (90) days of the end of the initial period of this Agreement.

This Agreement is a contract under the laws of the State of Florida and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws provisions.

Such Prices and Volume Discount Prices shall only be subject to increase once per year on each anniversary date of this Agreement, provided (i) Company provides Distributor with at least Ninety (90) days prior written notice of any such increase, and (ii) such increase does not exceed 5% of the preceding year's Prices, except for reasons of force majeure, (Chapter 10), and Volume Discount Prices nor the lowest price charged to others for the same Product.

Company shall not sell or otherwise supply, directly or indirectly, the Products to any Distributor's Customer's, except by sale through the Distributor.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Distributor Agreement, Company hereby appoints and grants Distributor the exclusive right to sell and distribute the Products to customers that Distributor introduce and confirmed by Company, (in all territory of United State of America (USA) and to render other services as a distributor for Company as set forth herein.

The Company shall not contact any of Distributor's Customer's for any reason, without the prior written approval of Distributor.

Neither Party shall assign, pledge or otherwise transfer any of its rights, interest or obligations hereunder, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior express written consent of the other Party.

Subject to Company's right to increase the price only once per year per the terms and restrictions contained in the Agreement, and Company's right to decrease the price at any time upon notice, the Products shall be sold by Company to Distributor at the following Prices and Volume Discount Prices.

Such Prices and Volume Discount Prices shall only be subject to increase once per year on each anniversary date of this Agreement, provided (i) Company provides Distributor with at least Ninety (90) days prior written notice of any such increase, and (ii) such increase does not exceed 5% of the preceding year's Prices, except for reasons of force majeure, (Chapter 10), and Volume Discount Prices nor the lowest price charged to others for the same Product.

In addition to any other responsibilities stated in this Agreement, Company will: (a) Provide, at Distributor's reasonable request and without charge, up to 10 hours of training with regard to any characteristics of the Products that Distributor deems reasonably necessary for Distributor and its employees and agents to fulfill the purposes of Distributor's appointment,

Distributor shall assign to Company, without charge, any rights in the trademarks of Company that may inure to the benefit of Distributor pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise.

In the event that this Agreement is terminated or expires on its own terms, Company shall have no further responsibilities to Distributor except that in the event the Agreement terminates for any reason other than a breach hereof by Distributor, Company shall be obligated to process orders accepted by Company prior to the effective date of such termination or expiration or within Ninety (90) days thereafter.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR PURCHASE OR USE OF THE PRODUCTS.

Within Seven (7) days of receipt of such Products, Distributor will notify Company of any shortages, defects, non-conformance, and Company will promptly replace such Products free of charge.

Distributor will not institute any proceedings with respect to the trademarks of Company either in Distributor's own name or on behalf of Company without express written permission of Company.

Distributor shall not dispute or contest for any reason whatsoever, directly or indirectly, during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, the validity, ownership or enforceability of any of the trademarks of Company, nor directly or indirectly attempt to acquire or damage the value of the goodwill associated with any of the trademarks of Company, nor counsel, procure or assist any third Party to do any of the foregoing

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

MP3.com, Inc.,

Tickets.com, Inc.,

MP3.com

Tickets

February 17, 1999

February 17, 1999

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.

Furthermore, for a thirty (30) day period, beginning thirty (30) days prior to the first anniversary of this Agreement, Tickets shall have the right to renew the Agreement for another year with Sponsor Fees that do not exceed a [***] percent increase over the existing Sponsor Fees.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without reference to conflict of law principles thereof.

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.

This Agreement may not be assigned by Tickets without MP3.com's written consent, which shall be promptly granted or denied and not unreasonably withheld, except that Tickets may assign this Agreement without MP3.com's consent if another entity acquires substantially all the assets of Tickets.

Furthermore, for a thirty (30) day period, beginning thirty (30) days prior to the first anniversary of this Agreement, Tickets shall have the right to renew the Agreement for another year with Sponsor Fees that do not exceed a [***] percent increase over the existing Sponsor Fees.

MP3.com agrees to deliver a guaranteed minimum of 3,000,000 Impressions per month for the term of this Agreement.

Except for claims arising under section 6, in no event will either party be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages.

Except for claims arising under section 6, in no event will either party be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages.

Amendment #3 to the Manufacturing Agreemen

ADMA

ADMA BioManufacturing, LLC

Sanofi Pasteur S.A.

Sanofi Pasteur

22 Dec. 2017

December 21, 2017

In addition to the Minimum Volume of Product to be manufactured by ADMA, should ADMA deliver the Minimum Volume of Product but fail to meet the Updated Supply Plan as provided in Exhibit A as attached hereto and made an integral part hereof, then it is agreed upon by the Parties that ADMA shall pay to Sanofi Pasteur an amount equal to $[***] ([***]) USD for each Batch of Product that is less than the agreed upon quantity in Exhibit A, as liquidated damages, and not as a penalty.

Should ADMA fail to supply a minimum of [***] Batches of Product (the "Minimum Volume") of Product during the time period as specified in this Amendment #3, ADMA agrees that Sanofi Pasteur shall be entitled to obtain from ADMA as liquidated damages, and not a penalty, amounting to $[***] ([***]) USD.

such a case, the remaining Source Plasma shall be immediately returned to Sanofi Pasteur, under ADMA's liability and expenses. S

Except for the obligation of indemnity as set forth in Section 6.1 (c) with respect to claims by third parties for personal injury, illness or death (but not including property damage) resulting from the manufacture of the Product by BPC, aggregate damages for which ADMA shall be liable to Sanofi Pasteur hereunder, including without limitation costs of Source Plasma yield loss and/or rejected Batches, shall not exceed [***].

All claims by Sanofi Pasteur for breach or default under this Agreement shall be brought within [***] year after the cause of action comes into existence or otherwise shall be waived.

Limitation of Liability: In no event shall either party be liable to the other party for incidental, indirect, special and consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation any claims for damages based upon lost profits or lost business opportunity.

The liability cap set forth under section 6.5 is hereby amended to adapt to the provisions of this Amendment #3 and is therefore set at "[***]" instead of "[***]".

In addition to the Minimum Volume of Product to be manufactured by ADMA, should ADMA deliver the Minimum Volume of Product but fail to meet the Updated Supply Plan as provided in Exhibit A as attached hereto and made an integral part hereof, then it is agreed upon by the Parties that ADMA shall pay to Sanofi Pasteur an amount equal to $[***] ([***]) USD for each Batch of Product that is less than the agreed upon quantity in Exhibit A, as liquidated damages, and not as a penalty.

Should ADMA fail to supply a minimum of [***] Batches of Product (the "Minimum Volume") of Product during the time period as specified in this Amendment #3, ADMA agrees that Sanofi Pasteur shall be entitled to obtain from ADMA as liquidated damages, and not a penalty, amounting to $[***] ([***]) USD.

TECHNOLOGY OUTSOURCING AGREEMENT

Metavante Corporation

Customer

Metavante

Oriental Financial Group Inc.

26 day of January, 2007

26 day of January, 2007

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").

Unless Customer notifies Metavante of its intent not to renew this Agreement in writing within a period of three (3) months following the Renewal Notice, this Agreement shall automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term on the same terms (including pricing terms) for one (1) twelve-month period.

Unless Customer notifies Metavante of its intent not to renew this Agreement in writing within a period of three (3) months following the Renewal Notice, this Agreement shall automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term on the same terms (including pricing terms) for one (1) twelve-month period.

The validity, construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereto shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, excluding its principles of conflict of laws.

Except as may be provided in any Schedule, Customer agrees that, during the Term, Metavante shall be Customer's sole and exclusive provider of all Services included in Metavante's Integrated Banking Solution (deposit and loan processing services provided by Metavante as of the Commencement Date).

The foregoing shall not preclude either party from employing any such employee (a) who seeks employment with the other party in response to any general advertisement or solicitation that is not specifically directed towards employees of such party or (b) who contacts the other party on his or her own initiative without any direct or indirect solicitation by such party.

Neither party shall solicit the employees of the other party for employment during the Term of this Agreement, for any reason.

Except as may be provided in any Schedule, Metavante may, at any time, withdraw any of the Services upon providing ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Customer, provided that Metavante is withdrawing the Service(s) from its entire client base.

Customer may elect to terminate this Agreement for any reason upon six months written notice to Metavante, provided Customer shall pay Metavante the "Termination Fee" defined and computed in accordance with the table below.

If a Change in Control occurs with respect to Customer, Metavante agrees to continue to provide Services under this Agreement; provided that (a) Metavante's obligation to provide Services shall be limited to the Entities comprising the Customer prior to such Change in Control and (b) Metavante's obligation to provide Services shall be limited in any and all circumstances to the number of accounts processed in the three (3) -month period prior to such Change in Control occurring, plus twenty-five percent (25%).

Neither this Agreement nor the rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned by either party, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, provided that (a) Metavante's consent need not be obtained in connection with the assignment of this Agreement pursuant to a merger in which Customer is a party and as a result of which the surviving Entity becomes an Affiliate or Subsidiary of another bank holding company, bank, savings and loan association or other financial institution, so long as the provisions of all applicable Schedules are complied with; and (b) Metavante may freely assign this Agreement so long as it is (i) in connection with a merger, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets, stock, or securities, or (ii) to any Entity which is a successor to the assets or the business of Metavante.

"Monthly Base Fee" shall mean the minimum monthly fees payable by Customer to Metavante as specifically set forth in the Services and Charges Schedule.

Customer shall pay the Monthly Base Fee in advance on the first day of the calendar month in which the Services are to be performed.

Customer is granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable (except to permitted assigns of this Agreement) limited license to use the Licensed Software during the term of this Agreement. Customer shall not sell, lease, copy, distribute, transfer, assign or sublicense the Licensed Software to any third party.

Metavante hereby grants to Customer a personal, nonexclusive, and nontransferable license and right, for the duration of this Agreement, to use the Incidental Software solely in accordance with the applicable Documentation and for no other purposes.

Customer shall not sell, lease, copy, distribute, transfer, assign or sublicense the Licensed Software to any third party.

The Licensed Software is a copyrighted software product developed and owned by Metavante. All rights are reserved worldwide. Customer is granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable (except to permitted assigns of this Agreement) limited license to use the Licensed Software during the term of this Agreement.

Metavante hereby grants to Customer a personal, nonexclusive, and nontransferable license and right, for the duration of this Agreement, to use the Incidental Software solely in accordance with the applicable Documentation and for no other purposes.

To the extent any insurance coverage required under this Section is purchased on a "claims-made" basis, such insurance shall cover all prior acts of Metavante during the Term, and such insurance shall be continuously maintained until at least four (4) years beyond the expiration or termination of the Term, or Metavante shall purchase "tail" coverage, effective upon termination of any such policy or upon termination or expiration of the Term, to provide coverage for at least four (4) years from the occurrence of either such event.

In addition, Metavante agrees to provide to Customer, at Customer's expense, all necessary assistance to facilitate the orderly transition of Services to Customer or its designee ("Termination Assistance"). As part of the Termination Assistance, Metavante shall assist Customer to develop a plan for the transition of all Services then being performed by Metavante under this Agreement, from Metavante to Customer or Customer's designee, on a reasonable schedule developed jointly by Metavante and Customer.

The parties agree that the records maintained and produced under this Agreement shall, at all times, be available at the Operations Center for examination and audit by governmental agencies having jurisdiction over the Customer's business, including any Federal, State or Puerto Rico Regulator.

No lawsuit or other action may be brought by either party hereto, or on any claim or controversy based upon or arising in any way out of this Agreement, after two(2) years from the date on which the party knew or reasonably should have known of an event for which a cause of action arose regardless of the nature of the claim or form of action, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise; provided, however, the foregoing limitation shall not apply to the collection of any amounts due Metavante under this Agreement.

Metavante's sole responsibility, and Customer's sole remedy, shall be to provide, at Metavante's expense, a conforming replacement card to the appropriate cardholder(s).

In addition to and not in limitation of any other provision of this Article 9, each party hereby knowingly, voluntarily, and intentionally waives any right to recover from the other party, and Customer waives any right to recover from any Eligible Provider, any economic losses or damages in any action brought under tort theories, including, misrepresentation, negligence and/or strict liability, and/or relating to the quality or performance of any products or services provided by Metavante.

Independent of, severable from, and to be enforced independently of any other provision of this Agreement, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY (NOR TO ANY PERSON CLAIMING RIGHTS DERIVED FROM THE OTHER PARTY'S RIGHTS) IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, FOR INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KINDincluding lost profits, loss of business, or other economic damage, and further including injury to property, AS A RESULT OF BREACH OF ANY WARRANTY OR OTHER TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE PARTY LIABLE OR ALLEGEDLY LIABLE WAS ADVISED, HAD OTHER REASON TO KNOW, OR IN FACT KNEW OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Metavante's maximum liability with respect to any Professional Services performed shall be limited to the value of the Professional Services engagement giving rise to the claim for Damages.

The Termination Fee shall be an amount equal to a percentage of the Estimated Remaining Value as set forth below.

For example, if the Customer chose to terminate for convenience on an agreement with a Commencement Date of January 01, 2007 and provided written notice on July 15, 2009 for a termination date of January 15, 2010, the Estimated Remaining Value would be the average monthly fee during 2009 multiplied by 47 and the Termination Fee would be the Estimated Remaining Value.

Customer acknowledges that the Termination Fee is a reasonable approximation of such damages and shall be deemed to be liquidated damages and not a penalty.

The parties acknowledge that the foregoing payments constitute reasonable and commercial liquidated damages.

If the Commencement Date does not occur on or before such date (the "Scheduled Conversion Date") solely as a result of Metavante's failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or the Conversion Plan (including the satisfactory completion of the identified Enhancements) and not as a result of any failure by Customer or any Third Party, Customer shall recover liquidated damages equal to the following:

  1.   Metavante shall pay Customer $10,000.00 for each month or portion thereof that Metavante fails to have the Commencement Date occur on the Scheduled Conversion Date provided that such amount shall be prorated for any partial month. Metavante will establish a new Scheduled Conversion Date if the above date is missed, subject to Customer's approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Customer may elect to terminate this Agreement for any reason upon six months written notice to Metavante, provided Customer shall pay Metavante the "Termination Fee" defined and computed in accordance with the table below.

The "Estimated Remaining Value" means the mathematical product of (a) the average monthly fee paid by Customer with respect to the Initial Services during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Effective Date of Termination, multiplied by (b) the number of unexpired whole months remaining between the Effective Date of Termination and the expiration of the Initial Term.

If Customer breaches the foregoing covenant, the same shall constitute a partial termination of this Agreement, and Customer shall pay Metavante the Termination Fee for the affected Service, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty.

To the extent any insurance coverage required under this Section is purchased on a "claims-made" basis, such insurance shall cover all prior acts of Metavante during the Term, and such insurance shall be continuously maintained until at least four (4) years beyond the expiration or termination of the Term, or Metavante shall purchase "tail" coverage, effective upon termination of any such policy or upon termination or expiration of the Term, to provide coverage for at least four (4) years from the occurrence of either such event.

Metavante currently maintains and, if available at a reasonable cost, Metavante shall continue to pay for, and maintain in full force and effect during the Term insurance as follows:

A. Workers' compensation and employers' liability insurance with limits to conform with the greater of the amount required by Wisconsin applicable state statutory law or one million dollars ($1,000,000) each accident, including occupational disease coverage;

B. Commercial general liability insurance with limits not less than three million dollars ($3,000,000) combined single limit for bodily injury, death, and property damage, including personal injury, contractual liability, independent contractors, broad-form property damage, and products and completed operations coverage;

C. Commercial automobile liability insurance with limits not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) each occurrence combined single limit of liability for bodily injury, death, and property damage, including owned and non-owned and hired automobile coverages, as applicable;

D. Commercial Blanket Bond, including Electronic & Computer Crime or Unauthorized Computer Access coverage, in the amount of not less than ten million dollars ($10,000,000); and

E. Professional liability insurance (Errors and Omissions) with limits not less than three million dollars ($3,000,000) annual aggregate for all claims each policy year for computer programming and electronic data processing services.

Certificates of Insurance evidencing all coverages described in this Section shall be furnished to Customer upon request.

Strategic Alliance Agreement

System Associates, Inc.

ISA

Rubicon

Rubicon Software Group plc

15 April, 2009

15 April, 2009

Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years  thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a  "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety  (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.

Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years  thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a  "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety  (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.

Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years  thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a  "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety  (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Florida, USA,.

During the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the later of (i) the end of the Initial Term and (ii) the date falling two  years after completion of the most recent services provided by Rubicon under clause 7 (the "Non-Competition Period")  and in the Rubicon  Geographic Area, as defined below, ISA agrees not to in any capacity, engage or have a financial interest in any Rubicon Competing Business, as  defined below, or provide managerial, supervisory, administrative, or financial services relating to any Rubicon Competing Business, including  making available any information or funding to any such Rubicon Competing Business.

During the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the later of (i) the end of the Initial Term and (ii) the date falling two  years after completion of the most recent services provided by Rubicon under clause 7 (the "Non-Competition Period") and in the ISA Geographic  Area, as defined below, Rubicon agrees not to in any capacity, engage or have a financial interest in any ISA Competing Business, as defined  below, or provide managerial, supervisory, administrative, or financial services relating to any ISA Competing Business, including making available  any information or funding to any such ISA Competing Business.

Rubicon hereby grants to ISA during the Term and subject to the exclusions described in 2.4 below an exclusive, non-transferable  license in the United States to grant licenses to use, display, perform and distribute the Rubicon Offerings and the Documentation to other  resellers, including, but not limited to, distributors, Original Equipment Manufacturers, system integrators and Value-Added Resellers, for further  sale and distribution to End Users for their use as described above, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

Rubicon hereby grants to ISA during the Term (as defined below) and subject to the exclusions described in 2.4 below an exclusive, non-transferable license in the United States to market, sell, use, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Rubicon Offerings, the  Documentation and, subject to Section 2.2, any upgrades thereto, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement

In the event that ISA wishes to carry out any software development work of any nature during the Non-Competition Period, it will  notify Rubicon of the same and allow Rubicon the opportunity to pitch for such work.

Further, during the Non-Competition Period, ISA shall not  solicit any employee of Rubicon or any employee of any Rubicon Client.

Further, during the Non-Competition Period, Rubicon shall not solicit any





employee of ISA or any employee of any ISA Client.

Neither Party shall transfer, assign or cede any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder, in whole or in part,  whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent may be withheld at the other Party's  reasonable business discretion; provided, however, that in connection with a merger, sale or transfer of substantially all of the assets or stock of  one of the Parties that Party may provide for the assignee to be bound by the terms hereof.

In addition to the payments set forth in sections 4.2.1 and 4.2.2, above, ISA will pay Rubicon 30% of ISA's profits (defined as  gross revenues less costs directly incurred in the generation of such revenues) on projects for which Rubicon has provided Contract Services  after ISA has recouped any directly attributable start-up costs with respect to such project up to a cumulative maximum of 100,000 of such costs  associated with all such projects from the date of this agreement.

With respect to Works that do not constitute "works for hire,"  Rubicon, its employees, contractors, consultants and  agents do hereby assign to ISA or its designee all of their respective right, title and interest in and to such Works and all related patents, patent  applications, copyrights and copyright applications and does hereby agree that these obligations are binding upon their respective assigns,  executors, administrators and other legal representatives.

Works means, collectively, any work product (of any type),  software, developments, processes, improvements, and all works of authorship, in whole or in part, whether patentable or not and whether  copyrightable or not created as services provided directly to ISA or on behalf of ISA by Rubicon, which (i) are conceived or made by Rubicon, its  employees, contractors, consultants or agents during the Term and relate directly to the business in which ISA and Rubicon(during the Term by ISA) are, had been or were proposing to be engaged in; or (ii) are conceived or made by Rubicon, its employees, contractors, consultants or  agents during or after the Term and are made through the use of any ISA Confidential Information, or which result from any work performed by  Rubicon, its employees, contractors, consultants or agents for ISA.

To the extent copyrightable, all Works shall be deemed to be "works for hire" and ISA shall be deemed to be the author thereof under  the U.S. Copyright Act.

Rubicon shall make full and prompt disclosure to ISA of all Works as they are made (whether or not conceived or made jointly  with others).

As regards Intellectual Property created by Rubicon, Rubicon acknowledges and agrees that those Works, as defined below,  shall belong exclusively to ISA subject to payment in accordance with clause 4.2

Rubicon hereby grants to ISA during the Term and subject to the exclusions described in 2.4 below an exclusive, non-transferable  license in the United States to grant licenses to use, display, perform and distribute the Rubicon Offerings and the Documentation to other  resellers, including, but not limited to, distributors, Original Equipment Manufacturers, system integrators and Value-Added Resellers, for further  sale and distribution to End Users for their use as described above, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

Rubicon hereby grants to ISA during the Term (as defined below) and subject to the exclusions described in 2.4 below an exclusive, non-transferable license in the United States to market, sell, use, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Rubicon Offerings, the  Documentation and, subject to Section 2.2, any upgrades thereto, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

Rubicon hereby grants to ISA during the Term and subject to the exclusions described in 2.4 below an exclusive, non-transferable  license in the United States to grant licenses to use, display, perform and distribute the Rubicon Offerings and the Documentation to other  resellers, including, but not limited to, distributors, Original Equipment Manufacturers, system integrators and Value-Added Resellers, for further  sale and distribution to End Users for their use as described above, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

Rubicon hereby grants to ISA during the Term (as defined below) and subject to the exclusions described in 2.4 below an exclusive, non-transferable license in the United States to market, sell, use, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Rubicon Offerings, the  Documentation and, subject to Section 2.2, any upgrades thereto, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

Each Party shall retain the financial records relating to all payments owed and/or paid under this Agreement for a period of six  years from the date such payment obligation arose.

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF SECTION 8, NEITHER PARTY WILL  BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR  RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF SECTION 8, EACH PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES HEREUNDER (OTHER THAN IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM FOR MONIES DUE)  SHALL NOT EXCEED 200,000.

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF SECTION 8, NEITHER PARTY WILL  BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR  RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES

EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF SECTION 8, EACH PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES HEREUNDER (OTHER THAN IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM FOR MONIES DUE)  SHALL NOT EXCEED 200,000.

Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon ten Business Day's Notice to  the other Party in the event the other Party contests or challenges to a material degree any of the other Party's Intellectual Property rights referred  to in Sections 5.1, and 5.3, respectively.

ISA shall not contest ownership by Rubicon of any of the foregoing.

Rubicon shall not contest ownership by ISA of any of the foregoing.

Except as set forth in Sections 10.3 and 10.4, nothing in this Agreement is intended to confer  benefits, rights or remedies unto any person or entity other than the Parties and their permitted successors and assigns.

AGENCY AGREEMENT

Dundee Securities Ltd

Corporation

Bloom Burton & Co. Ltd.

Lead Agent

(collectively with the Lead Agent, the "Agents" and each individually an "Agent")

Kes 7 Capital Inc

Tribute Pharmaceuticals Canada Inc

May 21, 2015

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable in the Province of Ontario.

Based on the foregoing, and subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Agents severally and not jointly agree to act as, and the Corporation appoints the Agents as, the exclusive agents of the Corporation to offer the Offered Shares for sale on the Closing Date (as defined herein) in the Selling Jurisdictions (as defined herein) on a private placement basis at the Offering Price.

No party may transfer or assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other parties and any transfer or assignment or purported transfer or assignment in contravention of this Section 18 shall be void and without force or effect.

In consideration of the Agents' services to be rendered in connection with the Offering, the Corporation shall pay to the Agents a cash fee (the "Agents' Fee") equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds of the Offering.

As additional consideration, the Corporation shall issue to the Agents that number of compensation options (the "Compensation Options") equal to 3.5% of the number of Offered Shares sold pursuant to the Offering.

In consideration for the Agents' services hereunder, the Corporation will pay to the Agents the Agents' Fee and the Corporation shall issue to the Agents that number of Compensation Options equal to 3.5% of the number of Offered Shares sold pursuant to the Offering. Unless otherwise stated herein, the Offered Shares shall also refer to the Compensation Options. The Agents' Fee shall be apportioned among the Agents as follows: Dundee Securities Ltd. 40% Kes 7 Capital Inc. 30% Bloom Burton & Co. Ltd. 30% 100%

With respect to any Indemnified Party who is not a party to this Agreement, the Agents shall obtain and hold the rights and benefits of this Section 11 in trust for and on behalf of such Indemnified Party.

Reseller Agreement

PivX Corporation

Detto Technologies

PivX

Detto

this ___ day of _________, 2004

this ___ day of _________, 2004

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, excluding conflict of laws provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PivX hereby grants to Detto a non-transferable, exclusive license to distribute PivX's Qwik-Fix Pro and any documentation supporting Qwik-Fix Pro provided from time to time by PivX (the "Documentation") within North America, solely to third parties to whom Detto licenses Qwik-Fix Pro ("Third Parties"), and as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A (PivX/Detto Reseller Agreement Addendum).

PivX may terminate this Agreement for convenience by giving at least thirty (30) days written notice of termination to Detto.

Detto may not assign any of its rights or delegate any of its obligations hereunder, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without PivX's prior written consent. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors and permitted assigns.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PivX hereby grants to Detto a non-transferable, exclusive license to distribute PivX's Qwik-Fix Pro and any documentation supporting Qwik-Fix Pro provided from time to time by PivX (the "Documentation") within North America, solely to third parties to whom Detto licenses Qwik-Fix Pro ("Third Parties"), and as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A (PivX/Detto Reseller Agreement Addendum). PivX also hereby grants to Detto a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to distribute PivX's Qwik-Fix Pro and the Documentation outside of North America, solely to Third Parties and as governed by the terms in Exhibit A. Detto shall have no right to reproduce Qwik-Fix Pro or any part thereof.

During the term of this Agreement, Detto shall have the right to use and reproduce the Trademarks in connection with Detto's marketing, advertising, promotion and distribution of Qwik-Fix Pro.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PivX hereby grants to Detto a non-transferable, exclusive license to distribute PivX's Qwik-Fix Pro and any documentation supporting Qwik-Fix Pro provided from time to time by PivX (the "Documentation") within North America, solely to third parties to whom Detto licenses Qwik-Fix Pro ("Third Parties"), and as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A (PivX/Detto Reseller Agreement Addendum). PivX also hereby grants to Detto a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to distribute PivX's Qwik-Fix Pro and the Documentation outside of North America, solely to Third Parties and as governed by the terms in Exhibit A. Detto shall have no right to reproduce Qwik-Fix Pro or any part thereof.

PivX shall have the right, at reasonable times and on reasonable notice, to inspect and audit the books and records of Detto to verify the accuracy of any statements.

In addition, Detto shall make its offices and equipment available in person, upon reasonable notice, and to the extent feasible, remotely, to PivX to inspect and test Detto's physical and technical set-up to ensure that Detto is complying with its obligations under this Section.

EXCEPT FOR PIVX'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 4.2, IN NO EVENT SHALL PIVX'S OR ITS LICENSORS' LIABILITY TO DETTO OR ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY PIVX HEREUNDER DURING THE PREVIOUS SIX (6) MONTHS.

EXCEPT FOR PIVX'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 4.2, IN NO EVENT SHALL PIVX'S OR ITS LICENSORS' LIABILITY TO DETTO OR ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY PIVX HEREUNDER DURING THE PREVIOUS SIX (6) MONTHS.

In the event of termination in accordance with Section 5.1, PivX shall not be liable to Detto because of such termination for compensation, reimbursement or damages on account of the loss of prospective profits or anticipated sales or on account of expenditures, inventory, investments, leases or commitments in connection with the business or goodwill of Detto.

With respect to Qwik-Fix Pro delivered by PivX to Detto on CD-Rom, PivX warrants that for a period of thirty (30) days following delivery to Detto, the media on which Qwik-Fix Pro is furnished to Detto will be free from defects in materials and workmanship during normal use.

Detto shall not contest the validity of any of the Property or PivX's exclusive ownership of them.

AGENCY AGREEMENT

the "Company"

Athens Federal Community Bank

Athens Bancshares Corporation

the "Agent"

the "Bank"

Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.

, 2009

The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after  the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of  conflicts of law.

Subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company and the Bank hereby appoint  the Agent as their exclusive financial advisor and marketing agent (i) to utilize its best efforts to solicit subscriptions for Common Shares and to  advise and assist the Company and the Bank with respect to the Company's sale of the Shares in the Offering and (ii) to participate in the Offering  in the areas of market making and in syndicate formation (if necessary).

The Agent shall receive the following compensation for its services hereunder:

(b) A success fee upon completion of the Offering of 1.125% of the aggregate purchase price of the Common Shares sold in the Subscription  Offering and Community Offering excluding shares purchased by the Bank's officers, directors, or employees (or members of their immediate  family), any ESOP, tax-qualified or stock-based compensation plans (except IRAs) or similar plan created by the Bank or the Company for some or  all of its directors or employees, or contributed to any charitable foundation established by the Bank in connection with the Conversion.

In the event the Company fails to sell the required minimum number of the Shares by the date when such sales must be completed, in  accordance with the provisions of the Plan or as required by the Conversion Regulations, and applicable law, this Agreement shall terminate upon  refund by the Company to each person who has subscribed for or ordered any of the Shares the full amount which it may have received from such  person, together with interest as provided in the Prospectus, and no party to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other hereunder,  except as set forth in Sections 2(a) and (d), 7, 9 and 10 hereof.

In the event the Company is unable to sell a minimum of    Shares within the period herein provided, this Agreement shall terminate and the  Company shall refund to any persons who have subscribed for any of the Shares the full amount which it may have received from them plus  accrued interest, as set forth in the Prospectus; and none of the parties to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other parties hereunder,  except as set forth in this Section 2 and in Sections 7, 9 and 10 hereof

It is expressly agreed that the Agent shall not be liable for any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense or be  required to contribute any amount pursuant to Section 9(b) or this Section 10 which in the aggregate exceeds the amount paid (excluding  reimbursable expenses) to the Agent under this Agreement.

Attachment C to Master Franchise Agreement   MULTI-STATE ADDENDUM   CALIFORNIA APPENDIX

The Master Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of New York.

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

Trust

Trustees of the Grinberg Family Trust

Movado Group, Inc.

Company

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of this 4th day of April, 2003.

Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).

Except to the extent preempted by Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), all rights hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to its rules governing conflicts of laws, or the rules of any other jurisdiction which would cause the laws of any





jurisdiction other than the State of New York to apply.

In the event this Agreement is terminated in accordance with this Section 11, the Company shall transfer the Policy to the Trust as soon as is administratively practicable.

DISTRIBUTORSHIP AGREEMENT

STAAR SURGICAL AG

Distributor

STAAR

____________

____________

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.

This Agreement, which is in English, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.

In the event that Distributor terminates this Agreement, then for one year thereafter, Distributor shall not sell, promote, advertise or market in the Territory products which are competitive with the Products.

Distributor shall (a) procure the Products solely from STAAR (or its affiliates) and not (b) procure, manufacture, market or sell in the Territory any implantable medical devices that compete directly or indirectly with the Products, during the term of this Agreement.

Distributor shall (a) procure the Products solely from STAAR (or its affiliates)

Subject to Section 8.3, Distributor's right to market, distribute and sell the Products in the Territory shall be exclusive.

Refrain from making any claims or representations concerning the Products other than as set forth in the applicable specifications or labeling therefor and never disparage either STAAR or the Products.

Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 above, either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, without cause, upon no less than ninety (90) days' prior written notice to the other party.

Distributor shall not have the right to appoint any subdistributors, subcontractors or other third parties to market, distribute or sell the Products.

Neither party may, directly or indirectly (including in connection with a change of control transaction), transfer or assign this Agreement or any of the rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other; provided that STAAR may assign any of its rights and delegate any of its obligations hereunder to its subsidiaries and affiliated companies or in connection with a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its business to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, without Distributor's prior written consent.

Failure of Distributor to purchase the Minimum Purchase Quantities for any Contract Year, shall be considered a material breach of this Agreement.

During each Contract Year, as defined below, Distributor shall purchase from STAAR the minimum quantity of each Product that shall be mutually agreed between the parties in advance of the applicable Contract Year ("Minimum Product Quantities"). The Minimum Purchase Quantities for the Contract Year are as set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto.

STAAR shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to Distributor, effective immediately on receipt of such notice, (a) if Distributor fails to meet the Annual Minimum Volume as set forth in Section 7.2 or (b) pursuant to Section 15, or in the event the parties are unable to agree upon changes in the prices for Products within thirty (30) days following STAAR's notice thereof.

Within ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of each Contract Year, the parties will discuss in good faith and agree on the Minimum Product Quantities for the successive Contract Year; provided, however, that, if the parties fail to reach agreement on or otherwise specify the Minimum Purchase Quantities for the successive Contract Year, the Minimum Product Quantities for such successive Contract Year shall be __________ percent (___%) of the Minimum Purchase Quantities for the existing Contract Year.

During the term of this Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, STAAR hereby grants to Distributor, and Distributor hereby accepts, the limited, nontransferable, nonexclusive right and license to use the trade name, trademarks, and logos of STAAR (collectively, "Trademarks"), without the right to grant sublicenses, solely in connection with the marketing, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory pursuant to this Agreement.

. Distributor shall not grant this privilege to any third party or to any affiliates without Company's prior written consent.

During the term of this Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, STAAR hereby grants to Distributor, and Distributor hereby accepts, the limited, nontransferable, nonexclusive right and license to use the trade name, trademarks, and logos of STAAR (collectively, "Trademarks"), without the right to grant sublicenses, solely in connection with the marketing, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory pursuant to this Agreement.

Upon any termination or expiration of this Agreement: (a) All sums due to either party from the other shall be promptly paid; (b) Distributor orders received and accepted by STAAR prior to the effective date of the termination of this Agreement shall be fulfilled in accordance with their terms; (c) All property belonging to one party but in the custody of the other shall be returned; (d) STAAR shall have the option to repurchase any or all current and resalable Products in Distributor's inventory at eighty percent (80%) of Distributor's original net purchase price (reflecting a twenty percent (20%) restocking and administrative fee); (e) Distributor shall cease all display, advertising and use of STAAR trade names, trademarks (including the Trademarks), logos and designations, except uses on the Products which remain in Distributor's possession, and shall transfer all registrations and sponsorships for the Products to STAAR or its designee;

EXCEPT FOR EACH PARTY'S CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 12 AND INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 13, WITHOUT LIMITING ANY RIGHT DISTRIBUTOR MAY HAVE UNDER LOCAL STATUTES THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED, RESTRICTED OR MODIFIED, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR DAMAGES DUE TO LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF USE OR DATA, OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Without limiting the above, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Distributor's sole remedy in contract or in tort (including in negligence) and STAAR's liability shall be limited to the repair or replacement of any Product which is returned to and found to be defective or non-conforming by STAAR.

. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, upon any termination of this Agreement by either Party in accordance with its terms (or otherwise), in no event shall STAAR be required to pay to Distributor any "good will" or other payment of any nature or kind based on the sales, business development or other activities of Distributor during the term of this Agreement.

EXCEPT FOR EACH PARTY'S CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 12 AND INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 13, WITHOUT LIMITING ANY RIGHT DISTRIBUTOR MAY HAVE UNDER LOCAL STATUTES THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED, RESTRICTED OR MODIFIED, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR DAMAGES DUE TO LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF USE OR DATA, OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the exclusive remedy for breach of the Warranty shall be, at STAAR's option, the repair or replacement, at STAAR's expense, of the non-conforming Product; provided that Distributor notifies STAAR of the non-conformity and returns the non-conforming Product within the Warranty Period.

STAAR warrants that, for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of delivery to Distributor hereunder (the "Warranty Period"), the Products will meet STAAR's published specifications or labeling for such Products as in effect at the time of such delivery ("Warranty").

STAAR shall pay for the return or replacement shipment to Distributor of Products repaired or replaced under the Warranty.

On request, Distributor shall provide STAAR with copies or certificates of all such insurance policies.

ach such insurance policy and endorsement shall provide that the insurance will not be canceled or reduces without at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to STAAR.

Distributor shall, at its own expense, maintain at a minimum general and product liability coverage in the Territory of at least US$2 million per occurrence, US$5 million in the aggregate.

On a separate endorsement, Distributor shall name STAAR as an additional named insured.

Such separate endorsement shall indicate that Distributor's insurance is primary and that STAAR's coverage as an additional named insured is not contributory.

Distributor acknowledges that Company owns and retains all patents, trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary rights in the Products, and agrees that it will not at any time during or after the termination of this Agreement assert or claim any interest in or take any action which may adversely affect the validity or enforceability of any trademark, trade name, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary right owned by or licensed to Company.

Consulting and Product Development Agreement

EHS

EHN

Michael T. Murray, N.D

Emerald Health Nutraceuticals Inc.

Dr. Murray

Emerald Health Sciences Inc.

1st day of September 2016

1st day of September 2016

Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").

Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).

The Services Term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive two-year terms thereafter unless written notice is given by either party to the other, indicating that party's intention not to renew the Services Term of this Agreement, at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the initial Services Term or any renewed Services Term.

The Services Term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive two-year terms thereafter unless written notice is given by either party to the other, indicating that party's intention not to renew the Services Term of this Agreement, at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the initial Services Term or any renewed Services Term.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to conflict of law principles, may not be amended except by a writing signed by both parties, and shall supersede any and all prior discussions and writings between the parties concerning the subject matter.

Dr. Murray shall not directly assist in the development of any product competitive to products developed by EHS or EHN.

EHS and EHN shall have the exclusive rights in and to all ingredients, product specifications, goodwill, and all other intellectual property rights associated with any Product(s); provided, however, that EHS and EHN shall not have any rights in or to Dr. Murray's name or likeness except as expressly granted in writing herein or via electronic transmission by Dr. Murray.

EHS and EHN shall have the exclusive rights in and to all ingredients, product specifications, goodwill, and all other intellectual property rights associated with any Product(s); provided, however, that EHS and EHN shall not have any rights in or to Dr. Murray's name or likeness except as expressly granted in writing herein or via electronic transmission by Dr. Murray.

EHS or EHN, on the one hand, and Dr. Murray, on the other, may terminate any Services Term of this Agreement by delivering 60 days written notice to the other party.

Dr. Murray has unique qualifications to provide the services contemplated herein, and shall not assign any of its or his rights or obligations to any other person or entity without EHS's written consent, which may be withheld or granted in EHS's discretion.

Dr. Murray will receive an annual royalty on net sales (defined as gross sales minus returns) for any products (the "Dr. Murray Products") developed by Dr. Murray for EHN for as long as the Dr. Murray Products are being sold

Sponsorship Agreement

Client

Intuit Inc.

Intuit

Stamps.com Inc.

14th day of May, 1999

14th day of May, 1999

Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the      ----      term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end      until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the      date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with      the terms set forth herein ("Term").

the parties under this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in      accordance with the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., except that      body of law concerning conflicts of laws.

This Agreement and the performance of

Throughout the Term Intuit will not place, and will not allow any party      acting on its behalf to place, any graphic, link or other form of      advertising or media on any page of the Quicken.com Site and/or on any page      on the AOL.com Personal Finance Site (other than the Channel Home Page),      which markets or promotes any electronic postage product, postage meter





     and/or service ("Postage Products") offered by a Client Competitor.

If Intuit elects to provide advertising, sponsorship or other      -------      promotional space on all or any portion of the Intuit Sites for a Client      Competitor, Intuit agrees to negotiate with Client in good faith regarding      such promotional opportunity.

Notwithstanding the above, Intuit may include editorial content or tools      about or from a Client Competitor and include Client Competitors in      directory listings.

In the event the parties fail to reach      agreement within ten (10) business days following the commencement of such      good faith negotiations (or such later date as the parties may agree to),      Intuit may offer the opportunity to any third party on terms and conditions      no less favorable then those offered to Client.

If Intuit elects to provide advertising, sponsorship or other      -------      promotional space on all or any portion of the Intuit Sites for a Client      Competitor, Intuit agrees to negotiate with Client in good faith regarding      such promotional opportunity.

Any attempt to assign this Agreement      other than as permitted above will be null and void.

Neither party may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part,      ----------      without the other party's written consent (which will not be unreasonably





     withheld or delayed); provided however, that either party may assign its      rights and obligations hereunder in the event of a sale of all, or      substantially all of such party's assets related to this Agreement, whether      by merger, reorganization, operation of law or otherwise, or (2) either      party's assignment and/or delegation of its rights and responsibilities      hereunder to a wholly-owned subsidiary or joint venture in which the      assigning party holds an interest.

Separate and apart from the fees in Subsection 10.1      above, at such time as Client has acquired [***] New Customers (the                                                  ---      "Minimum Customer Number") Client will pay Intuit [***] of the Net                                                         ---      Transaction Revenues it receives from each New Customer acquired by Client      above the Minimum Customer Number ("Transaction Fee").

Intuit will place a Sponsor Client Graphic consisting of      ----------------      a minimum of 234x60 pixels, with a mutually agreed upon text in two (2)      mutually agreed upon, small business email newsletters sent by Intuit, to      all its registered small business users who have elected to receive such      newsletter ("Small Business Newsletters").

If Intuit fails to deliver such Impressions during the twelve (12) month      period following the Launch Date, Intuit agrees to run such promotions in      equivalent areas and placement, as mutually agreed upon by the parties,      until such Impressions have been delivered.

Each party hereby grants to the other a non-exclusive, limited      -------      license to use its trademarks, service marks or trade names only as      specifically described in this Agreement.

The audit      rights set forth herein shall continue for one (1) year following the      termination of this Agreement for any reason.

No such audit may occur more      than once a year during the Term.

The audit      rights set forth herein shall continue for one (1) year following the      termination of this Agreement for any reason.

Client      may, upon no less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to Intuit,      cause an independent Certified Public Accountant to inspect all relevant      records of Intuit upon which the calculation of Impressions under the Usage      Reports are based during Client's normal business hours.

Intuit may,      upon no less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to Client, cause an      independent Certified Public Accountant to inspect all relevant records of      Client upon which the calculation of such payments are based during      Client's normal business hours.

EXCEPT UNDER SECTIONS 15 AND 16, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO      THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER

THE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY FOR DAMAGES OR ALLEGED DAMAGES      HEREUNDER (EXCEPT UNDER SECTIONS 15 AND 16), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR      ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO, AND WILL NOT EXCEED, THE AMOUNTS TO      BE PAID BY CLIENT TO INTUIT HEREUNDER.

BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE,      WHETHER OR NOT THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH      DAMAGE.

EXCEPT UNDER SECTIONS 15 AND 16, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO      THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER

THE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY FOR DAMAGES OR ALLEGED DAMAGES      HEREUNDER (EXCEPT UNDER SECTIONS 15 AND 16), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR      ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO, AND WILL NOT EXCEED, THE AMOUNTS TO      BE PAID BY CLIENT TO INTUIT HEREUNDER.

BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE,      WHETHER OR NOT THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH      DAMAGE.

Co-Hosting Agreement

SOFTWARE.NET CORPORATION

NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.

doing business as Network Associates, Inc.,

Network Associates, Inc.

NAI

Co-Host

a.k.a. Beyond.com

September 21, 1998.

9/21/98

The Effective Date of this Agreement (herein called the "Effective Date") is September 21, 1998.

This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will           terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"),           unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen

This Agreement will be governed and interpreted according to the laws           of the State of California, without reference to principles of           conflicts of laws.

The Destination shall not contain any links to           any third party sites for the purchase of Competitor's Goods; provided           that the Destination will link to the Co-Host Site (which will sell           Competitor's Goods).

Short Term Product Exclusives. For a period of fourteen (14) days           following release of any new NAI Goods or major version releases           (i.e., version 3.0 to 4.0) of existing NAI Goods, Co-Host shall be the           exclusive online seller of any such

release released during the Term.

Co-Host shall be the exclusive reseller of           software products ("Software") at the Originating Locatio

Nothing in this Agreement shall      prohibit Co-Host from distributing competing products in the Territory.

Neither party may assign this Agreement without the other's           prior written approval, except by operation of law or in connection           with the sale of substantially all of the assets of such party's           business or the acquisition of such party by a third party.

Co-Host shall not have the right to assign      or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any rights herein granted to any      other person or entity, except by operation of law or in connection with      the sale of all of its assets, or the acquisition of the Co-Host by a third      party. Any such attempted assignment shall be void and the Agreement shall      remain in effect.

"Minimum Revenue Targets" shall mean: (i) in the first (1st) year of the Term, Aggregate Revenues of not less than Nine Million Dollars ($9,000,000) and (ii) in the second (2nd) year of the Term, Aggregate Revenues of not less than Twelve Million Dollars ($12,000,000).

Quarterly payments of $312,500 each, with the first payment being due           September 15, 1999, and on each December 15, March 15, June 15, and           September 15 thereafter during the Term unless (i) the Agreement is           terminated in accordance with Section 6 of the Agreement prior to such           date in which case no quarterly payments will be due following the           effective date of such termination or (ii) if the Minimum Revenue           Target (as defined in Part 2 of this Exhibit "A") for the first year           of the Term is not achieved by the first anniversary of the Effective           Date, in which case no quarterly payments are payable until such time           as the Minimum Revenue Target for the first year of the Term is           achieved at which point Co-Host will resume making future quarterly           payments on the schedule and in the amount set forth above for the           duration of the Term or (iii) if the aggregate Minimum Revenue Targets           (as defined in Part 2 of this Exhibit "A") for the first and second           year of the Term are not achieved by the second anniversary of the           Effective Date, then, even if the Minimum Revenue Target (as defined           in Part 2 of this Exhibit "A") for the first year of the Term has been           achieved prior to such second Anniversary, no quarterly payments are           payable during the second year of the Term until such time as such           aggregate Minimum Revenue Target is achieved at which point Co-Host           will resume making future quarterly payments on the schedule and in           the amount set forth above for the duration of the Term. The parties           hereby agree to renegotiate in good faith a downward adjustment to the           foregoing quarterly payments in the event that the Minimum Revenue           Target for year one (1) is not achieved in the first year of this           Agreement.

NAI will make available up to 500,000 impressions on the NAI Internet Sites      and ten percent (10%) of the impressions available on NAI's Upgrade/Update      site for advertising materials to promote Beyond.com.

Co-Host hereby grants to NAI a non-exclusive,           non-transferable, royalty-free license during the term of this           Agreement to use the trademarks, service marks and trade names of           Co-Host in connection with the advertising and promotion of the Goods           from the Originating Locations, provided that NAI complies with the           terms of Section 9(b) of the Web Site Services Agreement (as defined           below).

Co-Host hereby grants to NAI a non-exclusive,           non-transferable, royalty-free license during the term of this           Agreement to use the trademarks, service marks and trade names of           Co-Host in connection with the advertising and promotion of the Goods           from the Originating Locations, provided that NAI complies with the           terms of Section 9(b) of the Web Site Services Agreement (as defined           below).

For three (3) years after each calendar quarter during the           term of this Agreement, Co-Host will keep, at Co-Host's office, full           and accurate books of account and copies of all documents and other           materials for such quarter relating to this Agreement and Co-Host's           records, accounts and contracts relating to the distribution of the           Products.

In addition, Co-Host agrees to allow NAI's           independent auditors to audit and analyze appropriate accounting           records of Co-Host from time to time (but not more than one every six           (6) months) to ensure compliance with all terms of this Agreement.

Audits and inspections           shall not interfere unreasonably with Co-Host's business activities.]

The cost of such an audit will be borne by NAI unless           a material discrepancy indicating inadequate record keeping or that           additional fees due to NAI are discovered, in which case the cost of           the audit shall be borne by Co-Host.

EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS UNDER SECTION 9 HEREOF, THE      LIABILITY OF A PARTY TO THE OTHER FOR DIRECT DAMAGES SHALL NOT EXCEED      FIFTEEN MILLION DOLLARS.

EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS UNDER SECTION 9 HEREOF, THE      LIABILITY OF A PARTY TO THE OTHER FOR DIRECT DAMAGES SHALL NOT EXCEED      FIFTEEN MILLION DOLLARS.

"Liquidated Damages Amount" shall mean the difference between (i) the aggregate amount of the Co-Hosting Fee paid by Co-Host (the "Aggregate Fee") and (ii) the Aggregate Fee multiplied by a number the numerator of which shall be the actual Aggregate Revenue through the effective date of termination of the Agreement and the denominator of which shall be the aggregate of the Minimum Revenue Targets through the effective date of the termination.

Termination or expiration of this Agreement if by reason of material           breach by Co-Host shall not affect any of Co-Host's payment           obligations, all of which survive termination of this Agreement;           provided that, in (i) the event of termination of this Agreement by           Co-Host due to a material default by NAI, NAI shall pay to the Co-Host           the Liquidated Damages Amount (as defined in Part 2 of Exhibit "A

Cooperation Agreement

Beike Internet Security Technology Co., Ltd.

Baidu Online Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.

Party A

Party B

April 2013

This Agreement is effective from the date of its date of signature and chop, and any other agreement between the parties regarding to matters which are similar to the cooperation contents hereunder shall be terminated automatically.

This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Term.

This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter

The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.

One month prior to the expiry of the Cooperation Term, the parties may further negotiate the cooperation forms, if fails, this Agreement will be terminated upon expiry.

The execution, validity, construction, enforcement and the settlement of any disputes herefrom shall be governed by PRC Laws.

6. Mix of competing business

Amend the pattern of the Union product or competing business to mislead users.

During the cooperation between the parties, Party A agrees not to enter into any form of cooperation with Qihoo 360, unless PartyA needs such cooperation with Qihoo 360 for business or technology and Party B has provided its prior consent.

All act which may damage the right of user of Baidu promotion, damage user experience, disturb market cooperation order of the Union, adversely affect Baidu product and business reputation of Baidu, constitute unfair competition against Baidu or violate legal right of Baidu are forbidden by the Union, including but not limited to:

5. Breach of exclusivity clause

Breach the exclusivity agreement with Baidu to engage in competing business.

All act which may damage the right of user of Baidu promotion, damage user experience, disturb market cooperation order of the Union, adversely affect Baidu product and business reputation of Baidu, constitute unfair competition against Baidu or violate legal right of Baidu are forbidden by the Union, including but not limited to:

During the cooperation between the parties, Party A agrees not to enter into any form of cooperation with Qihoo 360, unless PartyA needs such cooperation with Qihoo 360 for business or technology and Party B has provided its prior consent.

The Actual Revenues of the parties arising from the Baidu promotion services in the search results pages shall be dividedproportionately, and Party A shall bear the taxes payable on its own share of revenues:

  (1) The address bar, search bar, homepage/blank page of Cheetah Browser shall use Baidu Search as default search engineservice;

  (2) The default traffic shall mean the default traffic of the website address site and the traffic of the Cheetah Browser;

  (3) The monthly average daily non-default traffic shall not exceed the default traffic. If it does, then the traffic in excess willnot form part of the basis for calculating the share of revenues;

  (4) If the default traffic is lower than ***, the share of revenues for the non-default traffic is ***%, and the share of revenuesfor the default traffic is ***%;

  (5) If the default traffic is more than ***, the share of revenues for the non-default traffic is ***%, and the share of revenuesfor the default traffic is ***%;

  (6) If the default traffic is more than ***, the share of revenues for the non-default traffic is ***%, and the share of revenuesfor the default traffic is ***%;

(7) If the default traffic is more than ***, the share of revenues for the non-default traffic is ***%, and the share of revenuesfor the default traffic is ***%;

  (8) If the default traffic is more than ***, the share of revenues for the non-default traffic is ***%, and the share of revenuesfor the default traffic is ***%; and

  (9) If the default traffic is more than ***, the share of revenues for the non-default traffic is ***%, and the share of revenuesfor the default traffic is ***%.

In addition, Party A shall not use the functions and information provided by Party B to carry out any commercial activities.

Party A shall not assign to any third party the functions and contents used in the website column(s) that are made the subject matter of this cooperation agreement.

In the event that Party B breaches this covenant, Party A has the right to terminate this Agreement at any time and require Party B to pay 30% of Party A's share of revenues as liquidated damages.

APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

InfinixSoft Global LLC

Developer

Client

Clickstream Corporation

March 20, 2020

March 20, 2020

This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Florida.

The Developer shall not develop, maintain or market a similar platform and will not compete with the Client directly or indirectly worldwide.

If the Client, in its reasonable discretion, consents, the Client is hereby granted an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, distribute, modify, publish, and otherwise exploit the incorporated items in connection with the work product developed for the Client.

Because of the trade secret subject matter of Developer's business, Client agrees that, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of two (2) years thereafter, it will not solicit the services of any of Developer's employees, consultants or suppliers for Client's own benefit or for the benefit of any other person or entity.

Client has the unilateral right to cancel this agreement at any time within a 7-day notice period.

The Developer may not, without the written consent of the Client, assign, subcontract, or delegate its obligations under this Agreement, except that the Developer may transfer the right to receive any amounts that may be payable to it for its Services under this Agreement, which transfer will be effective only after receipt by the Client of written notice of such assignment or transfer.

To the extent such work may not be deemed a "work for hire" under applicable law, the Developer hereby assigns to the Client all of its right, title, and interest in and to such work.

The Developer expressly acknowledges and agrees that any all proprietary materials prepared by the Developer under this Agreement shall be considered "works for hire" and the exclusive property of the Client unless otherwise specified.

The Developer recognizes that the complete Intellectual Property of the project belongs to the Client

If the Client, in its reasonable discretion, consents, the Client is hereby granted an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, distribute, modify, publish, and otherwise exploit the incorporated items in connection with the work product developed for the Client.

If the Client, in its reasonable discretion, consents, the Client is hereby granted an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, distribute, modify, publish, and otherwise exploit the incorporated items in connection with the work product developed for the Client.

If programming errors or other defects are discovered during the Support Period, the Developer shall promptly remedy those errors or defects at its own expense.

The Developer hereby warrants and represents that following delivery of the Application System to the Client (which shall be deeded to occur only on the date the Web Application is uploaded to the AWS for distribution) pursuant to Exhibit A (the "Support Period"), the Application will be free from programming errors and defects in workmanship and materials, and will conform to the specifications of Exhibit A

90 days warranty (bugfixing) support is included.

The developer will fix any bugs that may come up from the original contract after the 90 days warranty has passed.

The Developer recognizes the Client's right, title, and interest in and to all service marks, trademarks, trade names , Copyrights and Patents used by the Client and agrees not to engage in any activities or commit any acts, directly or indirectly, that may contest, dispute, or otherwise impair the Client's right, title, and interest therein, nor shall the Developer cause diminishment of value of said trademarks or trade names through any act or representation

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

NeoMedia Micro Paint Repair

DISTRIBUTOR

PPG Shanghai

PPG Paints Trading (Shanghai) Co Ltd

1st day of December

1st day of December

The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date          first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless          sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.

In the event that there is no written notice issued by either party to          show the intention to renew this Agreement in the said thirty(30) days          before the expiry of the current Term of the Agreement, the Agreement          shall terminate at the end of the said thirty(30) days.

The validity, construction, and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China.

During the term of this Agreement, DISTRIBUTOR shall have          the exclusive right for selling the Products to Beijing Sino-US Jinche          Yingang Auto Technological Services Limited (the "Auto Center").

PPG          Shanghai or any of its direct or indirect affiliates shall not sell any          of its products directly to the Auto Center or to any of the Auto          Center's affiliates in China or throughout the world, unless PPG          Shanghai obtains Distributor's written approval.

PPG SHANGHAI shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and/or          suspend its performance hereunder immediately upon giving notice to          DISTRIBUTOR, which termination shall be effective upon receipt of          notice, if any one of the following occurs:

(ii) DISTRIBUTOR, or any principal owner of DISTRIBUTOR, is convicted          of a crime which, in PPG SHANGHAI's reasonable judgment, may adversely          affect the goodwill or interest of DISTRIBUTOR or of PPG SHANGHAI;

PPG SHANGHAI shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and/or          suspend its performance hereunder immediately upon giving notice to          DISTRIBUTOR, which termination shall be effective upon receipt of          notice, if any one of the following occurs:

.

(iii) DISTRIBUTOR becomes insolvent, assigns or attempts to assign its          business assets for the benefit of creditors, institutes or has          instituted against it proceedings in bankruptcy, or dissolves or          liquidates the business of DISTRIBUTOR

DISTRIBUTOR agrees to satisfy the annual and quarterly sale targets for          the Products set forth in Appendix 3 herein as mutually agreed to by          the parties hereof.

PPG SHANGHAI hereby grants to          DISTRIBUTOR during the Term, subject to the terms and conditions          hereinafter specified, a limited, nonexclusive, nonassignable and          nontransferable right to use the PPG Trademarks in the Territory for or          in connection with its advertisement, promotion, sale and distribution          of Products.

PPG SHANGHAI hereby grants to          DISTRIBUTOR during the Term, subject to the terms and conditions          hereinafter specified, a limited, nonexclusive, nonassignable and          nontransferable right to use the PPG Trademarks in the Territory for or          in connection with its advertisement, promotion, sale and distribution          of Products.

In the event that the Product fails to          conform to the warranties herein given, DISTRIBUTOR's exclusive remedy          and PPG SHANGHAI's sole responsibility is, at PPG SHANGHAI's option,          limited to the replacement of such nonconforming Product at PPG          SHANGHAI's expense or the refund of the purchase price attributable to          a specific delivery as to which a claim is made.

For the avoidance of          doubt, PPG SHANGHAI hereby declares and represents that PPG SHANGHAI is          not responsible for any damage to the Products after they have been          taken away from PPG SHANGHAI's warehouse and caused by DISTRIBUTOR or          its transport agent.

In no event shall PPG SHANGHAI be liable for consequential damages.

Notwithstanding the provisions of any law, rule, or regulation to the contrary, on the termination of this Agreement for any cause whatsoever, DISTRIBUTOR shall not be entitled to claim or receive from PPG SHANGHAI any compensation, reimbursement, or damages on account of any expenditure or commitment of any kind in connection with its business or on account of goodwill or on account of loss of prospective profits or otherwise.

PPG          SHANGHAI will not accept any claims for discrepancy in delivery beyond          the 48 hours period.

If Products are found damaged upon delivery,          DISTRIBUTOR or its customers who directly receive the delivery shall          report to PPG SHANGHAI in writing within 48 hours.

In case of discrepancy found in Products





         delivered, DISTRIBUTOR shall report to PPG SHANGHAI in writing,          detailing all the discrepancies within 48 hours after delivery.

PPG          SHANGHAI will not accept any claims for discrepancy in delivery beyond          the 48 hours period.

DISTRIBUTOR acknowledges PPG SHANGHAI's exclusive right and interests          in relation to the PPG Trademarks and further acknowledges that all          copyrights, patent, utility model rights and all other industrial          property rights of whatever kind used in or in connection with the          Products are the sole and exclusive property of PPG SHANGHAI or PPG and          that DISTRIBUTOR will not, whether during the Term of this appointment          or after its expiry or termination, knowingly do or cause to be done          any act or thing directly or indirectly, contest or in any way impair          or attempting to impair PPG SHANGHAI or PPG's rights, titles or          interests in the PPG Trademarks.

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Aduro

IREYA B.V

Aduro Biotech, Inc.

Consultant

June 1, 2020

July 1, 2020

This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of law principles of California or any other jurisdiction.

During the term of this Agreement, Consultant will not, directly or indirectly (whether for compensation or without compensation) engage in or provide consulting services, or enter into any agreement either written or oral, that would present a material conflict with any of the provisions of this Agreement, or would preclude Consultant from complying with the terms and conditions hereof.

From the Effective Date and for twelve (12) months after the termination of this Agreement (the "Restricted Period"), Consultant shall not, without Aduro's prior written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any employee or contractor of Aduro or its affiliates to terminate employment with, or cease providing Services to, Aduro or its affiliates.

Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time on prior written notice to the other.

This Agreement shall not be assignable by Consultant.

At Aduro's request and expense, Consultant shall assist Aduro in acquiring and maintaining its right in and title to, any Work Product.

To the extent, if any, that Consultant has rights in or to any Work Product or any data or inventions developed in connection with work under this Agreement ("Aduro IP"), Consultant hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers to Aduro, and to the extent that an executory assignment is not enforceable, Consultant hereby agrees to assign and transfer to Aduro, in writing, from time to time, upon request, any and all right, title, or interest that Consultant has or may obtain in any Work Product and/or Aduro IP without the necessity of further consideration.

Aduro shall be the sole and exclusive owner of, and Consultant hereby assigns to Aduro, any and all writings, documents, work product, inventions, developments, improvements, discoveries, know-how, processes, chemical entities, compounds, plans, memoranda, tests, research, designs, specifications, models and data that Consultant makes, conceives, discovers or develops, either solely or jointly with any other person in performance of the Services (collectively, "Work Product").

DOMAIN NAME AND CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

Licensor

Beijing Yisheng Leju Information Services Co., Ltd.

"Licensee" and together with Licensor, the "Parties" and each a "Party")

Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd.

"Effective Date" means the Closing Date as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement.

The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.

This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the People's Republic of China (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules that would mandate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction).

In the event E-House Research and Training Institute becomes entitled to charge, invoice, or otherwise receive from, Licensee any royalties, fees or other remuneration for use of the E-House Licensed Data and Information pursuant to amendments to the Master Transaction Agreement or through other means, Licensor and Licensee shall use good faith efforts to amend this Agreement such that Licensor becomes entitled to charge, invoice, or otherwise receive fees from Licensee to use the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content, such fees to be agreed upon by the Parties, provided that (i) such fees shall be commercially reasonable and (ii) such fees shall not exceed the fees charged by Licensor to unaffiliated third parties for use of the Licensed Content, taking into account any other consideration received by Licensor (including, but not limited to, discounted services offerings from the third party).

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the Licensed Content in connection with websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names until the earlier of (i) termination or expiration of this Agreement, or (ii) termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement, provided, however, that in the event the Agency Agreement is amended or restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the Licensed Domain Names in connection with the Business during the Term.

Licensor may terminate this Agreement by providing prior written notice to Licensee upon the occurrence of a Change of Control.

This Agreement and any rights or authority granted hereunder shall not be assigned or transferred by either Party, including by operation of law, merger or otherwise, without the express written consent of the other Party, provided that Licensor may assign this Agreement without consent to any of its Affiliates and Licensee may assign this Agreement without consent to SINA Leju or an Affiliate of Licensee that is controlled by SINA Leju.

This Agreement and any rights or authority granted hereunder shall not be assigned or transferred by either Party, including by operation of law, merger or otherwise, without the express written consent of the other Party, provided that Licensor may assign this Agreement without consent to any of its Affiliates and Licensee may assign this Agreement without consent to SINA Leju or an Affiliate of Licensee that is controlled by SINA Leju.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the Licensed Content in connection with websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names until the earlier of (i) termination or expiration of this Agreement, or (ii) termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement, provided, however, that in the event the Agency Agreement is amended or restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the Licensed Domain Names in connection with the Business during the Term.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the Licensed Content in connection with websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names until the earlier of (i) termination or expiration of this Agreement, or (ii) termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement, provided, however, that in the event the Agency Agreement is amended or restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Licensee has no right to sublicense any rights granted hereunder to any third party, or otherwise permit any third party to use any Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content; provided, however, that any rights granted to Licensee hereunder shall be sublicensable, without the prior written consent of Licensor, to SINA Leju and Licensee's Affiliates that are controlled by SINA Leju solely for the purpose of operating the Business during the Term.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the Licensed Domain Names in connection with the Business during the Term.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Licensee has no right to sublicense any rights granted hereunder to any third party, or otherwise permit any third party to use any Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content; provided, however, that any rights granted to Licensee hereunder shall be sublicensable, without the prior written consent of Licensor, to SINA Leju and Licensee's Affiliates that are controlled by SINA Leju solely for the purpose of operating the Business during the Term.

Upon termination (but not expiration) of this Agreement for any reason, Licensee shall be entitled to use the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content for a limited period of time, not to exceed ninety (90) days, during which it shall diligently work to transition to another solution.

Except as expressly permitted under the Trademark License Agreement, Licensee shall not knowingly (a) use the Licensed Domain Names in any manner that tarnishes, degrades, disparages or reflects adversely on Licensor or Licensor's business or reputation, (b) in any jurisdiction, register or attempt to register any domain names that consist of, in whole or in part, or are confusingly similar to, the term "SINA", (c) contest, challenge or otherwise make any claim or take any action adverse to Licensor's interest in the Licensed Domain Names

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Wireless Links Inc

WLI

Jaguar Investments, Inc. and its affiliates,

Power2Ship

7th day of April, 2003

7th day of April, 2003

Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.

Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.

Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.

This Agreement, its interpretation and construction, and the remedies for its enforcement or breach are to be applied in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey.

This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.

Power2Ship will pay WLI 10% of any activation commissions ("Unit Commissions"), if any, it receives as a result of any Unit activated on a specific wireless network.

Once the monthly License Fee for a particular Unit has started, it will continue for a minimum of 36 consecutive months with the only exception being that should Power2Ship uninstall a particular Unit from one customer and install it at another customer, Power2Ship is permitted to suspend the monthly License Fee for that particular Unit for a maximum of 2 months during the life of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Power2Ship is obligated to pay the License Fee to WLI for a minimum of 36 months.

WLI hereby grants to Power2Ship the non-exclusive right and license to distribute certain WLI's products and services (the "Products" or "Units") and software programs ("Licensed Programs") to Power2Ship's customers (which are end users) located in North America.

Power2ship commits not to connect to WLI's MidLink software using any other wireless devices and /or terminal (s) and /or GPS devices other than WLI branded products.

The MidLink software is licensed to Power2Ship for the exclusive use with WLI's products.

Power2Ship may use for purposes of this Agreement such trademarks and trade names as appear on the Products and on promotional materials therefore when received by Power2Ship from WLI.

Upon expiration of this Agreement or termination by either party, Power2Ship may sell off any remaining inventory of the Products or Licensed Software acquired prior to termination.

WLI, at its own discretion, may visit Power2Ship's warehouse at normal business hours to verify the actual number of Units in inventory and/or the number of Units suspended.

Said examination shall be at WLI's sole cost and expense during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice, and may not be conducted more than once annually; provided, however,                                                           --------  ------- that if such audit reveals an underpayment by Power2Ship of more than 10% for the period audited, Power2Ship shall pay WLI's actual costs and expenses for performing such audit.

Under no circumstances shall WLI be liable to Power2Ship or to any other person or entity for any incidental, special or consequential damages whether arising out of breach of warranty, breach of contract or otherwise even if WLI has been advised of the possibility of such claims or demands.

The warranty and remedies set forth in Exhibit B are exclusive and in lieu of any other warranties or remedies, express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for intended or particular purpose.

REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT BY WLI AS PROVIDED IN THIS LIMITED WARRANTY IS YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY.

WLI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES.

Neither party shall be liable to the other party for any special, incidental, or consequential damages arising in connection with, or out of termination of, this agreement.

The liability of WLI to Power2Ship for any claim whatsoever related to the Products or the Licensed Programs or this Agreement, including any cause of action in contract, tort, or strict liability, shall not exceed the total amount payable under this Agreement by Power2Ship to WLI within the most recent six-month period for the Licensed Programs (if such claim relates to the Licensed Programs), or for the WLI Products (if such claim relates to the WLI Products).

Any implied warranties of the Licensed Software are LIMITED to one year starting from the date of purchase or for the period described in the contractual agreement with the Power2Ship.

In addition, during the warranty period and/or duration of this agreement WLI from time to time may furnish Power2Ship with further releases of the Licensed Programs to provide corrections of significant programming or software errors.

WLI will provide a one year limited warranty      for its hardware products as per the terms and conditions described in      "Attachment B".

The first year warranty starts with the date of shipment      and terminates on the anniversary of the first year.

Replacement or repaired units will be returned to      the Integrator within 14 working days of receipt of a defective unit at      WLI's cost.

Any implied warranties of the Licensed Software are LIMITED to one year      starting from the date it was shipped to the integrator or starting with      the date specified as the starting date in the leasing and / or purchase      agreement with the Integrator.

Within 14 days from discovery of a defect, the Integrator shall notify WLI      in writing of said defect.

The first year limited warranty starts on the day of the activation of the Unit on a wireless network.

Wireless Links (WLI) warrants to the original end user purchaser ("You") that the Equipment will be free from defects in workmanship and materials ("Limited Warranty") for a period of one (1) year from the date of the purchase of the Equipment (the "Warranty Period").

WLI at





its discretion will repair or replace the Equipment in accordance with the terms of this limited warranty and send it back to you.

The amount of such insurance shall not be less than the replacement cost of the Equipment.

Power2Ship is advised to obtain and maintain property and casualty insurance for the Equipment against all risks of loss or damage.

Power2Ship shall not contest the right of WLI and its affiliates to the use of any trademarks, service marks, commercial symbols or trade names used or claimed by WLI.

All applicable rights to copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade names, logos and identifying slogans and other intellectual property rights in the products are the exclusive property of WLI and Power2Ship shall not contest such ownership.

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT ("

GLAXO GROUP LIMITED

THERAVANCE, INC.

GSK

Theravance

Theravance and GSK may be referred to as a "Party" or together, the "Parties".

November 14, 2002,

Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.

"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.

This Agreement shall be construed, and the respective rights of the Parties determined, according to the substantive law of the State of Delaware notwithstanding the provisions governing conflict of laws under such Delaware law to the contrary, except matters of intellectual property law which shall be determined in accordance with the intellectual property laws relevant to the intellectual property in question.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 2.2, Theravance grants to GSK an exclusive license in the Field under the Theravance Patents, Theravance Know-How and Theravance's rights in the Joint Inventions to make and have made API Compound or formulated Collaboration Product in the Territory.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 2.2, Theravance grants to GSK, and GSK accepts, an exclusive (except as to Theravance and its Affiliates) license in the Field under the Theravance Patents, Theravance Know-How and Theravance's rights in the Joint Inventions to make, have made, use and Develop Collaboration Products for Commercialization in the Territory.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 2.2, Theravance hereby grants to GSK, and GSK accepts, an exclusive license in the Field under the Theravance Patents, Theravance Know-How and Theravance's rights in the Joint Inventions to make, have made use, sell, offer for sale and import Collaboration Products in the Territory.

GSK may sublicense or subcontract its rights to Develop, Manufacture or Commercialize the Collaboration Products in whole or in part to one or more of its Affiliates, provided that the rights sublicensed or subcontracted to such Affiliate shall automatically terminate upon a change of control of such Affiliate in connection with which such Affiliate ceases to be an Affiliate of GSK.

This Agreement may not be assigned by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however that either Party may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any of its Affiliates if such Party guarantees the performance of this Agreement by such Affiliate; and provided further that either Party may assign this Agreement to a successor to all or substantially all of the assets of such Party whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or other similar transaction

Within thirty (30) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter, GSK shall calculate the actual amount of Net Sales for the previous Calendar Quarter and either credit or debit the difference between such actual and projected amount on the succeeding Calendar Quarter's royalty payment to Theravance.

Within twenty (20) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter , GSK shall pay Theravance royalty payments based on Net Sales in such Calendar Quarter during the Term as follows:        On total Annual Worldwide Net Sales up to and including U.S. $3 Billion:

  15   %                   On total Annual Worldwide Net Sales greater than U.S. $3 Billion:

  5   %     it being understood that Net Sales of a single agent Collaboration Product will be combined with Net Sales of a LABA/ICS Combination Product for purposes of the foregoing royalty calculation.

The 15% royalty payable on the first U.S. $3 Billion of total annual worldwide Net Sales under this Section 6.3 shall be reduced to 12% if all of the following occur: (i) all Theravance Compounds are discontinued by the collaboration for Technical Failure; (ii) Theravance only contributes one Theravance New Compound to the collaboration within 18 months following the Effective Date; and (iii) the Collaboration Product upon which the royalty is payable contains a LABA that is one of the GSK Initially Pooled Compounds.

The quarterly royalty payments made under this Section 6.3.1 may be based on estimated Net Sales.

The 15% royalty payable on the first U.S. $3 Billion of total annual worldwide Net Sales under this Section 6.3 shall be reduced to 10% if all of the following occur: (i) all Theravance Compounds are discontinued by the collaboration for Technical Failure; (ii) Theravance fails to contribute any Theravance New Compound to the collaboration within 18 months following the Effective Date; and (iii) the Collaboration Product upon which the royalty is payable contains a LABA that is one of the GSK Initially Pooled Compounds. Nothing in the foregoing shall affect other royalties owed under this Agreement.

For any Other Collaboration Product launched after the LABA/ICS Combination Product, GSK shall within twenty (20) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter, pay Theravance royalty payments based on Net Sales in such Calendar Quarter during the Term as follows:

Annual Net Sales



Percentage Royalty

                  Up to U.S.$750 Million

  6.5   %                   Additional Net Sales up to U.S.$1.25 Billion

  8.0   %                   Additional Net Sales up to U.S.$2.25 Billion

  9.0   %                   Net Sales exceeding U.S.$2.25 Billion

  10.0   %

If GSK is not selling a LABA/ICS Combination Product, then the royalty set forth in Section 6.3.1 shall apply to the first Other Combination Product launched by GSK, provided such Other Combination Product does not contain a product in-licensed by GSK; if such Other Combination Product contains a product in-licensed by GSK, then the royalty payable to Theravance will be reduced by 50% of any running royalties paid to a Third Party, provided that in no case will the royalty payable to Theravance be less than set forth in this Section 6.3.3.

Subject to and consistent with the further Development principles outlined herein, each Party will offer a minimum of four (4) identified LABA compounds to this collaboration, with the intention of commercializing at least one Long-Acting 2 Adrenoceptor Agonist as a single agent and/or as a LABA/ICS Combination Product.

Milestone

  Amount               Initiation of Phase I *

  U.S.$10 Million   Initiation of Phase IIa**

  U.S.$10 Million   Initiation of Phase IIb**

  U.S.$5 Million               Initiation of Phase III

  U.S.$25 Million

GSK shall also use Diligent Efforts to contribute at least one ICS and/or other non-LABA compound to the collaboration for the purpose of developing a combination product and Diligent Efforts to develop an optimal inhaled formulation of Collaboration Product in a device which may be either/or a dry powder inhaler formulation and/or a metered dose inhaler formulation of the Collaboration Compound and Development activities of such may continue in parallel.

(ii) GSK shall, at its sole expense, transfer to Theravance, or shall cause its designee(s) to transfer to Theravance, ownership of all regulatory filings made or filed for any Collaboration Product that contains a LABA as a single agent (to the extent that any are held in GSK's or such designee(s)'s name), and such transfer to be as permitted by applicable Laws and regulations; otherwise GSK shall cooperate as necessary to permit Theravance to exercise its rights hereunder.

In the event that this Agreement is terminated by Theravance pursuant to Section 14.2 for material breach by GSK:

All Joint Inventions shall be owned jointly by Theravance and GSK, and each Party hereby consents to the assignment or license or other disposition by the other Party of its joint interests in Joint Inventions without the need to seek the consent of the other Party to such assignment or license or other disposition; provided that any such assignment, license or other disposition shall at all times be subject to the grant of rights and accompanying conditions under Sections 2.1 and 2.2 and Article 14.

(ii) Transfer of Regulatory Filings. GSK shall, at its sole expense, transfer to Theravance, or shall cause its designee(s) to transfer to Theravance, ownership of all regulatory filings made or filed for any Terminated Development Collaboration Product (to the extent that any are held in GSK's or such designee(s)'s name), but only where the Terminated Collaboration Product contains a Theravance Compound as a single agent and such transfer to be as permitted

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 2.2, Theravance hereby grants to GSK, and GSK accepts, an exclusive license in the Field under the Theravance Patents, Theravance Know-How and Theravance's rights in the Joint Inventions to make, have made use, sell, offer for sale and import Collaboration Products in the Territory.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 2.2, Theravance grants to GSK an exclusive license in the Field under the Theravance Patents, Theravance Know-How and Theravance's rights in the Joint Inventions to make and have made API Compound or formulated Collaboration Product in the Territory.

In the event that the Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 14.5, the following shall occur:

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 2.2, Theravance grants to GSK, and GSK accepts, an exclusive (except as to Theravance and its Affiliates) license in the Field under the Theravance Patents, Theravance Know-How and Theravance's rights in the Joint Inventions to make, have made, use and Develop Collaboration Products for Commercialization in the Territory.

by applicable Laws and regulations. GSK, at its sole discretion, shall also give due consideration to transferring to Theravance any additional regulatory filings for a Terminated Development Collaboration Product which contains a Theravance Compound as a Combination Product.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 2.2, Theravance grants to GSK an exclusive license in the Field under the Theravance Patents, Theravance Know-How and Theravance's rights in the Joint Inventions to make and have made API Compound or formulated Collaboration Product in the Territory.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 2.2, Theravance grants to GSK, and GSK accepts, an exclusive (except as to Theravance and its Affiliates) license in the Field under the Theravance Patents, Theravance Know-How and Theravance's rights in the Joint Inventions to make, have made, use and Develop Collaboration Products for Commercialization in the Territory.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 2.2, Theravance hereby grants to GSK, and GSK accepts, an exclusive license in the Field under the Theravance Patents, Theravance Know-How and Theravance's rights in the Joint Inventions to make, have made use, sell, offer for sale and import Collaboration Products in the Territory.

During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, GSK shall obtain and/or maintain at its sole cost and expense, product liability insurance (including any self-insured arrangements) in amounts which are reasonable and customary in the U.S. pharmaceutical industry for companies of comparable size and activities

by applicable Laws and regulations.

GSK shall return to Theravance all available formulated and API stocks that contain a Theravance Compound and which are then held by GSK or cause such API stocks to be provided to Theravance if held by a vendor or other Third Party on behalf of GSK.

If after termination of this Agreement either Party subsequently Develops and Commercializes any Long- Acting 2 Adrenoceptor Agonist for the treatment / prophylaxis of respiratory diseases which (i) was never a Pooled Compound or Collaboration Product or (ii) was a GSK Discontinued Compound or a Theravance Discontinued Compound, it will pay to the other Party a royalty on Net Sales of any such products at the rate of 3% for a single-agent product and 2% for the first combination product for a period of 15 years from the date of launch on a Country-by-Country basis; provided, however, that this royalty shall not apply to any compound or product (including new product line extensions and/or re-formulation work) where the original compound or product is, as of the date of signature of this Agreement, already Commercialized.

In the event that this Agreement is terminated by Theravance pursuant to Section 14.2 for material breach by GSK:   (i) GSK shall, at its sole expense, promptly transfer to Theravance copies of all data, reports, records and materials in its possession or control that relate to the Theravance Compounds and return to Theravance, or destroy at Theravance's request, all relevant records and materials in its possession or control containing Confidential Information of Theravance (provided that GSK may keep one copy of such Confidential Information of Theravance for archival purposes only in accordance with Section 10.1). (ii) GSK shall, at its sole expense, transfer to Theravance, or shall cause its designee(s) to transfer to Theravance, ownership of all regulatory filings made or filed for any Collaboration Product that contains a LABA as a single agent (to the extent that any are held in GSK's or such designee(s)'s name), and such transfer to be as permitted by applicable Laws and regulations; otherwise GSK shall cooperate as necessary to permit Theravance to exercise its rights hereunder.

GSK shall, at its sole expense, transfer to Theravance, or shall cause its designee(s) to transfer to Theravance, ownership of all regulatory filings made or filed for any Terminated Development Collaboration Product (to the extent that any are held in GSK's or such designee(s)'s name), but only where the Terminated Collaboration Product contains a Theravance Compound as a single agent and such transfer to be as permitted

So long as this Agreement remains in effect and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, neither GSK nor any of its Affiliates may make any public disclosure of any holdings of or disposition of beneficial ownership of Theravance voting securities unless such disclosure is approved in advance in writing by Theravance, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

If GSK terminates a Collaboration Product at any time after initiation of the first Phase III Study concerning such Collaboration Product, and Development of all other Collaboration Products and Pooled Compounds have been discontinued for Technical Failure and/or Commercial Failure, then at the sole election of Theravance, the following shall apply:   (a) GSK shall, at its sole expense, promptly transfer to Theravance copies of all data, reports, records and materials in its possession or control that relate to the Theravance Compounds and return to Theravance, or destroy at Theravance's request, all relevant records and materials in its possession or control containing Confidential Information of Theravance (provided that GSK may keep one copy of such Confidential Information of Theravance for archival purposes only in accordance with Section 10.1).   (b) GSK shall, at its sole expense, transfer to Theravance, or shall cause its designee(s) to transfer to Theravance, ownership of all regulatory filings made or filed for the Terminated Development Collaboration Product that contains a LABA as a single agent (to the extent that any are held in GSK's or such designee(s)'s name), such transfer to be as permitted by any Third Party licenses or other such prior rights and applicable Laws and regulations, otherwise GSK shall cooperate as necessary to permit Theravance to exercise its rights hereunder.

Agreement; provided, however that such audits may not be performed by Theravance more than once per Calendar Year.

All costs and expenses incurred in connection with performing any such audit shall be paid by Theravance unless the audit discloses at least a five percent (5%) shortfall, in which case the Recording Party will bear the full cost of the audit for such Calendar Year.

During normal business hours and with reasonable advance notice to the Recording Party, such records shall be made available for inspection, review and audit, at the request and expense of Theravance, by an independent certified public accountant, or the local equivalent, appointed by Theravance and reasonably acceptable to the Recording Party for the sole purpose of verifying the accuracy of the Recording Party's accounting reports and payments made or to be made pursuant to this

The Party subject to the Force Majeure Event shall not be liable to the other Party for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive, exemplary or other damages arising out of or relating to the suspension or termination of any of its obligations or duties under this Agreement by reason of the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event, provided such Party complies in all material respects with its obligations under this Section 16.3.

During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, GSK shall obtain and/or maintain at its sole cost and expense, product liability insurance (including any self-insured arrangements) in amounts which are reasonable and customary in the U.S. pharmaceutical industry for companies of comparable size and activities

Such product liability insurance or self-insured arrangements shall insure against all liability, including without limitation personal injury, physical injury, or property damage arising out of the manufacture, sale, distribution, or marketing of the Collaboration Products

GSK shall provide written proof of the existence of such insurance to Theravance upon request.

GUARANTEES OF MASTER FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

Guarantors

Master Franchisee

F ranch i so r

K iosk  Concep t s ,   I nc

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Aduro

IREYA B.V

Aduro Biotech, Inc.

Consultant

June 1, 2020

July 1, 2020

This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of law principles of California or any other jurisdiction.

From the Effective Date and for twelve (12) months after the termination of this Agreement (the "Restricted Period"), Consultant shall not, without Aduro's prior written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any employee or contractor of Aduro or its affiliates to terminate employment with, or cease providing Services to, Aduro or its affiliates.

Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time on prior written notice to the other.

At Aduro's request and expense, Consultant shall assist Aduro in acquiring and maintaining its right in and title to, any Work Product.

To the extent, if any, that Consultant has rights in or to any Work Product or any data or inventions developed in connection with work under this Agreement ("Aduro IP"), Consultant hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers to Aduro, and to the extent that an executory assignment is not enforceable, Consultant hereby agrees to assign and transfer to Aduro, in writing, from time to time, upon request, any and all right, title, or interest that Consultant has or may obtain in any Work Product and/or Aduro IP without the necessity of further consideration.

Aduro shall be the sole and exclusive owner of, and Consultant hereby assigns to Aduro, any and all writings, documents, work product, inventions, developments, improvements, discoveries, know-how, processes, chemical entities, compounds, plans, memoranda, tests, research, designs, specifications, models and data that Consultant makes, conceives, discovers or develops, either solely or jointly with any other person in performance of the Services (collectively, "Work Product").

MARKETING AFFILIATE AGREEMENT

MA

BIRCH FIRST GLOBAL INVESTMENTS INC.

Marketing Affiliate

MOUNT KNOWLEDGE HOLDINGS INC.

Company

8th day of May 2014

May 8, 2014

This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company

This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.

This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.

This Agreement may be terminated by either party at the expiration of its term or any renewal term upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other party.

This Agreement is accepted by Company in the State of Nevada and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws thereof, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict.

Company shall not specify the business practices of MA, nor regulate the manner in which MA shall operate its business, provided that MA (a) conducts business in a manner that reflects favorably at all times on the Technology sold and the good name, goodwill and reputation of Company and its affiliates

MA may not assign, sell, lease or otherwise transfer in whole or in party any of the rights granted pursuant to this Agreement without prior written approval of Company.

INITIAL ORDER COMMITMENT - MA commits to purchase a minimum of 100 Units in aggregate within the Territory within the first six months of term of this Agreement.

Company hereby grants MA, during the term of this Agreement, the right to use Company and/or Company trade names, trademarks or service marks on Technology or in advertising or promotion relating directly to these products.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company hereby grants to MA the right to advertise, market and sell to corporate users, government agencies and educational facilities ("Clients") for their own internal language learning, soft skills and communication purposes only, and not for remarketing or redistribution, and not for use in a data center environment for multiple users Clients, unless otherwise agreed to by Company prior in writing, the Technology listed in Schedule A of this Agreement, and to sell and/or bundle Technology Maintenance for the Technology and to provide first line technical support and implementation services for the Technology in the territories listed in Schedule A of this Agreement, providing MA meets the criteria required for delivering services according to Schedule A.

MA is authorized to resell Technology within the following territory according to the terms of the Agreement:

Worldwide

MA shall keep accurate records of the sales of the Technology and Maintenance, including Client Registration Cards and shall make these records available for review by a representative of Company within ten (10) business days following the end of each month.

The foregoing states the entire liability of Company with respect to infringement of intellectual property rights.

Company is not liable for incidental, special or consequential damages for any reason (including loss of data or other business or property damage), even if foreseeable or if MA or Customer has advised of such a claim.

COMPANY'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY FOR THE WARRANTY PROVIDED IN SUBPARAGRAH (A) HEREOF SHALL BE TO CORRECT THE TECHNOLOGY TO OPERATE IN SUBSTANTIAL ACCORDANCE WITH ITS THEN CURRENT SPECIFICATIONS OR REPLACE, AT ITS OPTION, THE TECHNOLOGY NOT IN COMPLIANCE WITH COMPANY'S AND COMPANY' PUBLISHED SPECIFICATIONS REGARDING THE TECHNOLOGY; PROVIDED, ANY CLAIM FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY UNDER SUBPARAGRAPH (A) HEREOF MUST BE MADE IN WRITING WITHIN (90) DAYS FROM DATE OF SHIPMENT

IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE TO "MA", ITS CLIENTS, OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY TORT OR CONTRACT DAMAGES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, GENERAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS AND LOSS OF GOODWILL, ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE (OR INABILITY TO USE) OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE TECHNOLOGY FOR ANY PURPOSE WHATSOEVER.

Company's liability shall not exceed the fees that MA has paid under this Agreement.

COMPANY'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY FOR THE WARRANTY PROVIDED IN SUBPARAGRAH (A) HEREOF SHALL BE TO CORRECT THE TECHNOLOGY TO OPERATE IN SUBSTANTIAL ACCORDANCE WITH ITS THEN CURRENT SPECIFICATIONS OR REPLACE, AT ITS OPTION, THE TECHNOLOGY NOT IN COMPLIANCE WITH COMPANY'S AND COMPANY' PUBLISHED SPECIFICATIONS REGARDING THE TECHNOLOGY; PROVIDED, ANY CLAIM FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY UNDER SUBPARAGRAPH (A) HEREOF MUST BE MADE IN WRITING WITHIN (90) DAYS FROM DATE OF SHIPMENT.

Strategic Alliance Agreement

UTEK Corporation

MKOS

UTEK

Manakoa Services Corporation

14 day of June 2006

The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.

MKOS will not seek to acquire any technologies presented to MKOS by UTEK from the technology developer directly or indirectly for a period of 24 months following the termination of this Strategic Alliance Agreement.

MKOS agrees that for a twenty four months (24) following the execution of this Agreement, MKOS shall not, without UTEK's prior written consent, directly or indirectly solicit for employment any present employee of UTEK, or request, induce or advise any employee of UTEK to leave the employ of UTEK

In turn, UTEK agrees that it will not directly or indirectly solicit any present employee of MKOS.

Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.

MKOS will have 30-days from receipt of information to determine if they wish to go forward with the technology license. UTEK, after 30 days, shall have the right to present the technology to other clients.

The benefits of the Agreement shall inure to the respective successors and assignees of the parties and assigns and representatives, and the obligations and liabilities assumed in this Agreement by the parties hereto shall be binding upon their respective successors and assigns; provided that the rights and obligations of UTEK under this Agreement may not be assigned or delegated without the prior written consent of MKOS and any such purported assignment shall be null and void.

In consideration for providing these Services, MKOS shall pay UTEK $120,000 in the form of unregistered shares of common stock (923,077 shares) upon the execution of this Strategic Alliance Agreement.

SUPPLY AGREEMENT

Flotek Chemistry, LLC

Florida Chemical Company, LLC

FCC

Flotek

February 28, 2019

The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19.

February 28, 2019

The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware.

FCC may not assign or delegate its rights or obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

In the event that Flotek does not order the Minimum Quantity in a given Year, FCC may ship to Flotek the remaining quantity of Terpene Product prior to the end of such Year, and invoice Flotek as described in Section 6(c).

"Minimum Quantity" means [***] pounds of Terpene Product per Year, prorated for any partial Year included in the Term.

"Maximum Quantity" means [***] pounds of Terpene Product per Year, prorated for any partial Year included in the Term.

FCC shall be obligated to accept all such purchase orders unless the amount ordered for a Year exceeds the Maximum Quantity, or orders for a particular quarter exceed [***] pounds or exceed the Flotek forecast for that quarter by more than 25%, provided, however, that, in such event, FCC shall communicate Flotek of the time period that will be required to satisfy such order assuming FCC endeavors to satisfy such order as soon as practicable, and Flotek shall inform FCC within ten (10) days of such communication whether it will order such Terpene Product pursuant to the revised delivery terms.

Flotek shall have the right at any time to (i) inspect the facility of FCC in Winter Haven, Florida (the "Facility") and any other facility of FCC involved in the production of the Terpene Product, and (ii) audit the books and records of FCC

Any such inspection or audit shall be upon reasonable notice and shall not unreasonably interfere with the operations of FCC.

FCC shall promptly, but in no event later than three (3) days after the date of such purchase order, confirm its acceptance or rejection of such purchase order by written notice to Flotek.

FCC agrees to provide $5,000,000 of commercial liability insurance in support of this indemnity which names Flotek as additional insured, with waiver of subrogation

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

WGT

European Micro

Distributor

WatchGuard Technologies, Inc.

November 5, 1997

November 5, 1997

September 30, 1997

The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and      will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3,      or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.

The Term will automatically renew for successive additional periods of one (1) year each, provided that: (a) Distributor has made all Guaranteed Minimum Purchases and has complied with the marketing requirements under paragraph 4.1(b); (b) the parties have agreed in writing upon the Guaranteed Minimum Purchase amounts and Product price discounts for the next subsequent one (1) year renewal period; (c) neither party provided the other party with notice of such party's intention not to renew this Agreement at least thirty (30) days prior to any year's Expiration Date; and (d) neither party provided the other party with such notice as may be required pursuant to paragraphs 5.2, 5.3 or 5.4.

The Term will automatically renew for successive additional periods of one (1) year each, provided that: (a) Distributor has made all Guaranteed Minimum Purchases and has complied with the marketing requirements under paragraph 4.1(b); (b) the parties have agreed in writing upon the Guaranteed Minimum Purchase amounts and Product price discounts for the next subsequent one (1) year renewal period; (c) neither party provided the other party with notice of such party's intention not to renew this Agreement at least thirty (30) days prior to any year's Expiration Date; and (d) neither party provided the other party with such notice as may be required pursuant to paragraphs 5.2, 5.3 or 5.4.

This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in      accordance with the local laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A., without      regard to its conflicts of law provisions and not including the provisions      of the 1980 U.N. Convention in Contracts for the International Sale of      Goods.

Upon the occurrence of any of the following,      Distributor may terminate the Term by giving WGT written notice of such      termination;

for convenience whether or not extended beyond the Initial Term, provided      Distributor gives WGT thirty (30) days' advance written notice and, within      such thirty (30) day period, Distributor pays to WGT a lump-sum payment      equal to fifty (50%) of the unpaid balance of cumulative Guaranteed Minimum      Purchase amounts.

Upon the occurrence of any of the following, WGT may      terminate the Term by giving Distributor written notice of such termination      for:

WGT giving Distributor ninety (90) days' advance written notice of      termination at any time after the expiration of the Initial Term.

(b)  any material change in the general management, ownership or control of      Distributor, including without limitation the sale, transfer or      relinquishment by Distributor of any substantial interest in the ownership      of the business to be carried on by Distributor under this Agreement,      unless such change is approved in advance and in writing by an officer of      WGT;

Upon the occurrence of any of the following, WGT may      terminate the Term by giving Distributor written notice of such termination      for:

Distributor will not assign all or any part of this Agreement      or any of its rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent      of WGT.

any assignment or attempted assignment of this Agreement by Distributor      without the prior written consent of WGT;

Upon the occurrence of any of the following, WGT may      terminate the Term by giving Distributor written notice of such termination      for:

During the Term, Distributor will make Gross      Purchases in an amount at least equal to the cumulative Guaranteed Minimum      Purchase amounts through committed orders placed pursuant to paragraph 3.5      and calling for shipment on or before the dates set forth in Exhibit A.

Section A.3 As a Full Service Master Distributor, Distributor agrees to sign up a minimum of 10 new WatchGuard resellers in the Territory within the Initial Term of the Agreement.

Failure to Make Guaranteed Minimum Purchases. Upon any failure by      Distributor to make Gross Purchases in sufficient amounts to meet or exceed      the applicable cumulative Guaranteed Minimum Purchases, WGT may, at its      sole option and effective upon notice to Distributor, terminate this      Agreement. Distributor shall pay WGT fifty percent (50%) of the unpaid      balance of cumulative Guaranteed Minimum Purchase amounts as liquidated      damages.

WGT reserves all rights in and to the Trademarks and all      other trademarks and trade names used by WGT in connection with the      Products, but WGT grants to Distributor the nonexclusive right to use and      display the Trademarks during the Term to promote and identify the Product      in the Territory in connection with this Agreement.

License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, WGT      grants to Distributor a nontransferable license to do the following in the      Territory during the Term:

(a)  market and distribute the Product to resellers;

(b)  demonstrate the Product to potential resellers;

(c)  use the Product internally for the sole purpose of providing this product      support specified in paragraph 4.1(c);

(d)  use and display the Trademarks in connection with marketing and      distributing the Product in the Territory pursuant to paragraphs (a) and      (b) above.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, WGT      grants to Distributor a nontransferable license to do the following in the      Territory during the Term:

(a)  market and distribute the Product to resellers;

(b)  demonstrate the Product to potential resellers;

(c)  use the Product internally for the sole purpose of providing this product      support specified in paragraph 4.1(c);

(d)  use and display the Trademarks in connection with marketing and      distributing the Product in the Territory pursuant to paragraphs (a) and      (b) above.

In the event of termination, Distributor will:

return to WGT within twenty (20) days following the expiration or      termination of the Term, any and all (i) demonstration Product provided to      Distributor; (ii) Products not already paid for in full by Distributor; and      (iii) promotional literature, data, information and other items received by      Distributor under this Agreement;

Upon WGT's request, Distributor will      provide access to such records for examination, reproduction, and audit by      WGT or its representatives. Any such audit will be conducted at such times      and in such a manner so as not to unreasonably interfere with Distributor's      normal operations.

EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 15, WGT'S      LIABILITY(WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE WHETHER      ACTIVE, PASSIVE, IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER      THEORY) UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR WITH REGARD TO ANY PRODUCT OR OTHER ITEMS      FURNISHED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE COMPENSATION      PAID TO WGT CONCERNING SUCH PRODUCT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

IN NO EVENT WILL WGT BE LIABLE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,      WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED),      PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY), TO DISTRIBUTOR OR TO      ANY RESELLER OF DISTRIBUTOR, END-USER OR OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR COST OF      COVER OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES      (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFIT, BUSINESS OR DATA)      ARISING OUT OF ITS PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE      USE OF, INABIILTY TO USE OR RESULTS OF USE OF THE PRODUCT.

THE WARRANTIES OF WGT AND THE REMEDIES OF      DISTRIBUTOR SET FORTH IN PARGRAPHS 14 AND 15 ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN      SUBSTITUTION FOR, AND DISTRIBUTOR HEREBY WAIVES, RELEASES AND DISCLAIMS.

EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 15, WGT'S      LIABILITY(WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE WHETHER      ACTIVE, PASSIVE, IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER      THEORY) UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR WITH REGARD TO ANY PRODUCT OR OTHER ITEMS      FURNISHED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE COMPENSATION      PAID TO WGT CONCERNING SUCH PRODUCT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

Distributor shall pay WGT fifty percent (50%) of the unpaid      balance of cumulative Guaranteed Minimum Purchase amounts as liquidated      damages.

Therefore,      the parties have agreed upon the above payment of liquidated damages in      lieu of WGT's claim for actual damages from such breach.

In order to receive the remedy provided for hereunder, Distributor shall





     deliver to WGT a sample of the Product which Distributor finds to be      defective in workmanship or materials, or damaged in shipment prior to      Distributor assuming the risk of loss or damage , along with a written      explanation of the alleged defect within thirty (30) days from the later of      Distributor's initial receipt of such Product from WGT or from the delivery      of such Product to an end-user.

Distributor will not register, attempt to register or assist anyone else to      register, directly or indirectly, the Trademarks or any copyright or other      proprietary rights associated with the Product in the Territory or      elsewhere other than in the name of WGT, without WGT's prior written      consent.

PRODUCT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT

KITOV Pharma Ltd.

Kitov

Dexcel

Dexcel and Kitov are hereinafter jointly the "Parties" and individually a "Party."

DEXCEL LTD.

"Effective Date" shall mean the date of signature of the last Party to execute this Agreement.

The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").

Following the Initial Term, the Agreement shall automatically be renewed for additional periods of **** (each, a "Renewal Term," and, together with the Initial Term, the "Term")), unless a Party provides written notification of non-renewal to the other Party at least **** of the Initial Term or a Renewal Term.

Following the Initial Term, the Agreement shall automatically be renewed for additional periods of **** (each, a "Renewal Term," and, together with the Initial Term, the "Term")), unless a Party provides written notification of non-renewal to the other Party at least **** of the Initial Term or a Renewal Term.

This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced exclusively under the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.

Kitov hereby grants to Dexcel a fully paid, limited license right to use all of its Confidential Information and Intellectual Property Rights (including, inter alia, the Kitov Foreground IP, Kitov Data, Kitov's share of the Joint IP, and the Trademark ("Kitov Product IP")) necessary in order for Dexcel to manufacture, Label, package with the Livery, test and release the Product for shipment, exclusively for Kitov, for and during the Term.

This Agreement may be terminated:

in the event of a Change of Control, the Party which was not subject to the Change of Control may terminate this Agreement upon six (6) months advance written notification.

The affected Party is obligated to notify the other Party of its decision to terminate within thirty (30) days following notice of the Change of Control.

For purposes of this Agreement, any merger, consolidation, or change of corporate structure following which there is a Change of Control of Kitov shall be considered as an assignment by Kitov, allowing Dexcel to terminate the Agreement as heretofore provided.

Notwithstanding the aforesaid, either Party shall be entitled to assign, delegate, and/or subcontract its rights and obligation under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to one or more of its Affiliates on prior written notice to the other Party.

For purposes of this Agreement, any merger, consolidation, or change of corporate structure following which there is a Change of Control of Kitov shall be considered as an assignment by Kitov, allowing Dexcel to terminate the Agreement as heretofore provided.

Commencing with ****, Dexcel may adjust the Supply Price for the next following Year not more often than ****.

Kitov shall provide Dexcel with written purchase orders meeting the Minimum Order Requirements and in a form reasonably acceptable to Dexcel, and which shall specify at least the following: a description of the Product ordered, the quantity ordered, the current Supply Price, and the required delivery date thereof, such required delivery date to be not less than one hundred and twenty (120) days from the purchase order placement date (one hundred and eighty (180) days before the anticipated Supply Commencement Date and/or the launch of a new SKU).

Dexcel shall supply the Product with at least **** percent (****%) of the shelf life upon Delivery unless otherwise agreed by the Parties.

Dexcel shall order the Packaging materials required for the Product Packaging (including, but not limited to, all Labeling); provided that such orders shall not exceed the forecasted demand of such materials for the next following twelve (12) months

Subject to the provisions of sections 8.1 and 8.2 above and without derogating therefrom, any and all rights, title and interest in any Intellectual Property Rights resulting from any development made by Dexcel which is related to the Product and embodied in the Deliverables or conceived in connection with the services provided hereunder by Dexcel to Kitov, which is only applicable for the manufacture, research, development, making of, use, sale, production, commercialisation and distribution of the Product, shall be jointly and equally (50%/50%) owned by Dexcel and Kitov (the "Joint. IP").

Kitov hereby grants to Dexcel a fully paid, limited license right to use all of its Confidential Information and Intellectual Property Rights (including, inter alia, the Kitov Foreground IP, Kitov Data, Kitov's share of the Joint IP, and the Trademark ("Kitov Product IP")) necessary in order for Dexcel to manufacture, Label, package with the Livery, test and release the Product for shipment, exclusively for Kitov, for and during the Term.

Kitov hereby grants to Dexcel a fully paid, limited, non exclusive, license to use Kitov Data in as much as required for the provision of the Services by Dexcel.

Kitov shall be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of its remaining stock of the Product until the end of the inventory's shelf life.

In the event of Product which Kitov claims have Apparent Defects or Hidden Defects, Dexcel shall have up to thirty (30) Working Days after receipt of the samples to show that the Product in question meets the Specifications ("Period").

Kitov shall have the right (at reasonable intervals, with reasonable prior written notice and during normal business hours, and not more often than annually) to inspect Dexcel's manufacturing facilities used in the manufacture, storage, testing, and/or release for shipment of the Product.

Nothing in this Section 8.7 shall operate to limit or exclude any liability under Section 8.5 with respect to a Claim, or for fraud, or for breach by a Party of the provisions of Article 7.

Dexcel's responsibility for Product supplied by it to Kitov failing to meet the Specifications shall be limited to the replacement of the Product or the refund of the Supply Price paid by Kitov for such order, as agreed by the parties, except as otherwise provided under this Agreement.

Without prejudice to any other limitation (whether effective or not) of either Party's liability, neither Party shall be liable to the other Party (whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or for breach of statutory duty or otherwise) for any loss of profits, use, opportunity, goodwill, business or anticipated savings, for any indirect, incidental, special, indirect, punitive or consequential losses (in each case, irrespective of any negligence or other act, default or omission of a Party (or its employees or agents) and regardless of whether such loss or claim was foreseeable or not and whether the other Party has been informed of the possibility of such loss).

In the event that a defect is not apparent upon visual inspection during the shelf life of the Product ("Hidden Defect"), Kitov shall use commercially reasonably best efforts to provide Dexcel with written notification within thirty (30) Working Days of discovering the same, to be accompanied by samples of any such allegedly defective Product, if such samples are available In the event of any failure by Kitov to provide Dexcel with written notification of any such shortfall, Apparent Defect or Hidden Defect within the respective aforementioned periods, it shall be deemed as Kitov having accepted the relevant consignment.

Kitov shall provide Dexcel with written notification of any shortfalls in shipment quantity, and (a) any out-of-specification temperature excursions based on the downloaded data logger information following compliance with the provisions of the Quality Agreement, and/or (b) any failure of the Product to meet the Specifications which are apparent upon visual inspection and/or identification testing of the Product delivered to it by Dexcel (each of (a) and (b) being an "Apparent Defect"), such notification to be provided within thirty (30) Working Days of receipt of the Product at Kitov's warehouse, accompanied by samples of any such allegedly defective Product and any such Product shall not be removed from quarantine until their status is resolved.

Each Party shall cause such insurance policies to provide that the other Party shall be given at least thirty (30) days' notice of any cancellation, termination or change in such insurance.

At the time of entering this Agreement, each Party shall be fully insured and shall duly maintain such insurance during the term of this Agreement and thereafter for so long as it customarily maintains insurance for itself for similar products and activities.

Each Party shall maintain (a) comprehensive general liability insurance (including without limitation, coverage for bodily injury, personal injury, property damage, casualty loss and contractual and trademark liability); and (b) product liability insurance, providing full indemnification and defense against claims, liabilities, damages, demands and causes of action, alleged or actual, arising out of any defects in or use of the Product under this Agreement (including manufacturing, design, warning, or instruction claims), in such amounts as it customarily maintains for similar products and activities, but in no event less than $5,000,000 per individual claim and $10,000,000 in the aggregate

AMENDMENT NO. 2

MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT

Premier Nutrition Corporation

Heritage and Premier are each referred to herein as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

Stremick's Heritage Foods, LLC

Premier

Heritage

October 1, 2018

October 1, 2018

This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.

Promotion Agreement

Go Call, Inc.

Go Call

PageMaster Corporation

March 12,1999

This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")

This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")

This term shall be extended for a 1 year period provided 3000 pagers per month are distributed to Purchase customers.

This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, exclusive of conflicts of law principles, and will, to the maximum extent practicable, be deemed to call for performance in Los Angeles County, California.

PageMaster Corporation shall not engage in the same or similar                promotion with any other On-Line Casinos from June 1, 1999                through June 1, 2000.

Go Call shall not engage in the same or similar promotions during                the Term of this Agreement with any other entity providing paging                services, equipment or other related products and services.

PageMaster Corporation will pay Go Call $3.00 per pager (beginning with pager # 1) and 5% of all airtime renewal revenue for each pager redeemed for this promotion consistent with the terms of paragraph 6b of this Agreement.

PageMaster Corporation shall provide a minimum of 100,000 up to                500,000 pagers for the fulfillment of this promotion to all                Purchase Customers who prepay their annual airtime.

PageMaster Corporation shall provide a minimum of 100,000 up to                500,000 pagers for the fulfillment of this promotion to all                Purchase Customers who prepay their annual airtime.

Go                Call, upon ten (10) days written notice, shall have the right to                examine the books and records of PageMaster Corporation to verify                the sales resulting from this promotion.

Such examination shall                be made at the regular place of business of PageMaster                Corporation where such books and records are maintained during                normal business hours and shall be conducted at Go Call's expense                by a certified public accountant or other Go Call executive so                designated by Go Call.

PageMaster Corporations' liability shall in no event exceed an amount equivalent to the amounts received by PageMaster Corporation hereunder.

The parties desire to resolve disputes arising out of this                Agreement without litigation.

INTERNET CHANNEL COOPERATION AGREEMENT

Party B

Beijing Baidu Netcom Science and Technology Co., Ltd.

China Online Housing (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd.

Party C

In this Agreement, Party A, Party B and Party C individually a "Party", collectively the "Parties".

Party A

Beijing Yisheng Leju Information Services Co., Ltd

This Agreement is dated April 29, 2010

This Agreement is dated April 29, 2010.

Effective Date means the date of this Agreement.

The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201

This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.

The execution, effect, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and resolution of any dispute arising from this Agreement will be governed by PRC Laws.

Party A may not make any identical or similar cooperation regarding the real estate and home furnishing information, products and data in its real estate and home furnishing channel with any competitor of Party B.

Party B and its affiliates will be the exclusive provider of real estate and home furnishing information, products and data in Party A's real estate and home furnishing channel.

During the term of this Agreement, Party B and its affiliates will be the exclusive cooperator of Party A's real estate and home furnishing cooperation channel.

Party A grants all-round exclusive rights to Party B to construct, maintain and operate the Cooperation channel.

Upon expiration of this Agreement, with all conditions being equal, Party B has the preferential right to continue Cooperation with Party A in respect of the real estate channel.

Without prior written consent of the other Parties, none of the Parties may assign any or all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party.

SERVICE AGREEMENT FOR TRANSFER AGENT SERVICES

BNY Mellon Shareowner Services

Client

Agent

Mellon Investor Services LLC

Mellon Investor Services LLC (operating with the service name BNY Mellon Shareowner Services)

Blackstone / GSO Long-Short Credit Income Fund

January 26, 2011

Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term")

Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").

Unless either party gives written notice of termination of this Agreement at least 60 days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any successive three-year term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive additional three-year terms; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the dissolution of the client.

Unless either party gives written notice of termination of this Agreement at least 60 days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any successive three-year term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive additional three-year terms; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the dissolution of the client.

This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of law.

This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided that this Agreement may not be assigned, or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, by either party without the prior written consent of the other party, which the other party will not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay; and provided further that (i) consent is not required for an assignment to an affiliate of Agent and (ii) any reorganization, merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other form of business combination by Agent shall not be deemed to constitute an assignment of this Agreement.

In no





event will Agent be liable for special, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if Agent has been advised of the possibility of such losses or damages and regardless of the form of action.

Any liability of Agent will be limited in the aggregate to an amount equal to twenty four (24) times the monthly administrative fee to be paid by Client as set forth in Exhibit B hereto.

In addition to the payments required in this section, if this Agreement is terminated by Client for any reason other than pursuant to Section 2 or Section 11(a) above or by Agent pursuant to Section 11(b) above, then Client shall pay a termination fee, due and payable to Agent on or before the effective date of such termination, calculated as follows: (i) if the termination occurs prior to the first anniversary of the commencement date of the current term (the "Commencement Date"), then the termination fee shall equal twelve (12) times the average monthly invoice charged to Client by Agent hereunder, (ii) if the termination occurs on or after the first anniversary of the Commencement Date but prior to the second anniversary of the Commencement Date, then the termination fee shall equal nine (9) times the average monthly invoice charged to Client by Agent hereunder, and (iii) if the termination occurs on or after the second anniversary of the Commencement Date, then the termination fee shall equal six (6) times the average monthly invoice charged to Client by Agent hereunder.

COOPERATION AGREEMENT

Meet Group, Inc.

HARVEST SMALL CAP PARTNERS, L.P.

(each, an "Investor" and collectively, the "Investors" or, with their respective affiliates and associates, the "Investor Group"),

HARVEST CAPITAL STRATEGIES LLC

HARVEST SMALL CAP PARTNERS MASTER, LTD

HARVEST SMALL CAP PARTNERS GP, LLC

Company

June 27, 2017

This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including validity, interpretation, and effect, by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware executed and to be performed wholly within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the choice of law or conflict of law principles thereof or of any other jurisdiction to the extent that such principles would require or permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.

The Company hereby agrees that, until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Standstill Period or (ii) any material breach of this Agreement by an Investor (provided that such Investor shall have three (3) business days following written notice from the Company of any material breach to remedy such material breach if capable of remedy), neither it nor any of its Affiliates will, and it will cause each of its Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly, publicly make, express, transmit, speak, write, verbalize or otherwise publicly communicate in any way (or cause, further, assist, solicit, encourage, support or participate in any of the foregoing), any remark, comment, message, information, declaration, communication or other statement of any kind, whether verbal or in writing, that might reasonably be construed to be derogatory or critical of, or negative toward, the Investors or their Affiliates or Associates or any of their agents or representatives (collectively, the "Investor Agents"), or that reveals, discloses, incorporates, is based upon, discusses, includes or otherwise involves any confidential or proprietary information of any Investor or its Affiliates or Associates, or to malign, harm, disparage, defame or damage the reputation or good name of any Investor, its business or any of the Investor Agents.

Each Investor agrees that, until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Standstill Period or (ii) any material breach of this Agreement by the Company (provided that the Company shall have three (3) business days following written notice from such Investor of any material breach to remedy such material breach if capable of remedy), neither it nor any of its Affiliates or Associates will, and it will cause each of its Affiliates and Associates not to, directly or indirectly, publicly make, express, transmit, speak, write, verbalize or otherwise publicly communicate in any way (or cause, further, assist, solicit, encourage, support or participate in any of the foregoing), any remark, comment, message, information, declaration, communication or other statement of any kind, whether verbal or in writing, that might reasonably be construed to be derogatory or critical of, or negative toward, the Company or any of its directors, officers, Affiliates, Associates, subsidiaries, employees, agents or representatives (collectively, the "Company Representatives"), or that reveals, discloses, incorporates, is based upon, discusses, includes or otherwise involves any confidential or proprietary information of the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates or Associates, or to malign, harm, disparage, defame or damage the reputation or good name of the Company, its business or any of the Company Representatives.

(ii) For purposes of this Agreement, a "Change of Control" transaction shall be deemed to have taken place if (1) any person is or becomes a beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the equity interests and voting power of the Company's then outstanding equity securities or (2) the Company enters into a stock-for-stock transaction whereby immediately after the consummation of the transaction the Company's stockholders retain less than 50% of the equity interests and voting power of the surviving entity's then outstanding equity securities.

The provisions of Sections 1, 2, and 3 of this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the occurrence of a Change of Control transaction (as defined below) involving the Company if the acquiring or counter-party to the Change of Control transaction has conditioned the closing of the transaction on the termination of such sections; provided, however, that the Company shall not directly or indirectly, propose, seek, encourage or otherwise influence such acquiring or counter-party to the Change of Control transaction to condition the closing of such transaction on the termination of Sections 1, 2, and 3 of this Agreement; and

The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and the respective successors, heirs, executors, legal representatives and permitted assigns of the parties, and inure to the benefit of any successor, heir, executor, legal representative or permitted assign of any of the parties; provided, however, that no party may assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without, with respect to any Investor, the express prior written consent of the Company (with such consent specifically authorized in a written resolution adopted and approved by the unanimous vote of the entire membership of the Board), and with respect to the Company, the prior written consent of the Investor Group Representative.

AMENDMENT NO. 2

Wireless Content License Agreement Number 12965

Fox Mobile Entertainment, Inc.

Fox

Glu Mobile, Inc. f/k/a Sorrent, Inc.

Licensee

March 27, 2006

In consideration of the rights granted to Licensee pursuant to this Amendment 2, Licensee shall pay to Fox, or such other party as Fox may designate in writing, a royalty in the following amount:

(a) From the first unit sold, Fox shall earn a royalty at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee's Gross Receipts (as defined in the Agreement) from Licensee's sale and distribution of the IA2 Audio and Video Wireless Products.

Fox also grants Licensee a limited, non-exclusive right and license to distribute the following Wireless Products in connection with the Property "ICE AGE 2" outside of the United States: (A) 4 Scrat voicetones; (B) 1 John Leguizamo voicetone; and (C) 3 premium videos. (collectively, "IA2 Audio and Video Wireless Products")

Fox grants to Licensee a limited, non-exclusive right and license to distribute the following Wireless Products in connection with the Property "ICE AGE: THE MELTDOWN" in the United States: (A) 2 Scrat voicetones; (B) 2 John Leguizamo voicetones; and (C) 3 premium videos.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center

MD Anderson and Adaptimmune each a "Party" and collectively the "Parties"

Adaptimmune Limited

Adaptimmune

MD Anderson

Adaptimmune LLC

23rd day of  September, 2016

23rd day of  September, 2016

Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.

The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later,  unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.

Any disputes or claims arising under this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas.

Neither MD Anderson nor Principal Investigator shall seek or accept reimbursement from any third-party payor for any Study items or procedures supplied by or paid for by Adaptimmune under this Agreement.

MD Anderson also hereby grants to Adaptimmune Limited an exclusive option to negotiate an

exclusive (subject to MD Anderson's perpetual, irrevocable, no-cost right to use such Invention for non-commercial internal research, academic and patient care purposes), royalty-bearing license to any Invention in which MD Anderson has an ownership interest, provided that Adaptimmune Limited pays all reasonably incurred patent expenses for such Invention in the event Adaptimmune Limited exercises its option.

In addition, in order to accommodate the review and approval of this Agreement by the Office of General Counsel of UT System (the "OGC"), for a period of *** (***) days following the Effective Date (the "Limited Unilateral Termination Period"), MD Anderson will have the right to terminate this Agreement without cause upon ten (10) days' notice to Adaptimmune; provided, however, that (i) a termination by MD Anderson will be effective if notice of termination is sent by MD Anderson any time within the Limited Unilateral Termination Period even if the ten day notice period extends beyond the Limited Unilateral Termination Period and (ii) the Limited Unilateral Termination Period will expire on the earlier to occur of (x) the end of the sixty days, or (y) written notice to Adaptimmune from MD Anderson that the Agreement has been approved by the OGC.

If Adaptimmune Limited timely exercises its option, the terms of the license shall be negotiated in good faith within six months of the date such option is exercised, or within such time the parties may mutually agree in writing (the "Negotiation Period").

MD Anderson also hereby grants to Adaptimmune Limited an exclusive option to negotiate an

exclusive (subject to MD Anderson's perpetual, irrevocable, no-cost right to use such Invention for non-commercial internal research, academic and patient care purposes), royalty-bearing license to any Invention in which MD Anderson has an ownership interest, provided that Adaptimmune Limited pays all reasonably incurred patent expenses for such Invention in the event Adaptimmune Limited exercises its option.

Adaptimmune Limited must exercise its option to negotiate a license to any Invention by notifying MD Anderson in writing within six months' of MD Anderson disclosing such Invention to Adaptimmune (the "Option Period").

If Adaptimmune Limited fails to timely exercise its option within the Option Period with respect to any Invention, Adaptimmune Limited's right to negotiate a license agreement with respect to such Invention will automatically terminate, and MD Anderson will be free to negotiate and enter into a license with any other party.

If, however, Adaptimmune Limited timely exercises its option, but MD Anderson and Adaptimmune Limited are unable to agree upon the terms of the license during the Negotiation Period, Adaptimmune Limited's right to exclusively license such Invention will terminate, and MD Anderson will be free to enter into a license with any other party (subject to the grant of the non-exclusive license above).

If Adaptimmune elects not to file in the United States or not to maintain an application or patent arising from any jointly-owned Invention, Adaptimmune will promptly notify MD Anderson within reasonable time for MD Anderson to file, prosecute or maintain such application or patent, and MD Anderson will have the right to file, prosecute or maintain such application or patent, at MD Anderson's expense.

As between the Parties, Adaptimmune will have the first right to prepare, file, prosecute, maintain, enforce and defend all U.S. and foreign patents, registrations and other forms of intellectual property in any jointly-owned Invention using patent counsel of its choice that is subject to the written approval of MD Anderson not to be unreasonably withheld and at the sole cost and expense of Adaptimmune, with accounting to MD Anderson.

Any assignment or attempt to assign, or any delegation or attempt to delegate, not in accordance with this Section shall be void and without effect.

MD Anderson shall not subcontract any of its or the Principal Investigator's responsibilities under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Adaptimmune.

This Agreement and/or any Study Order may not be assigned by either Party except as agreed upon in writing by the other Party.

Adaptimmune agrees to commit funding in an amount of at least nineteen million six hundred and forty four thousand Dollars US ($19,644,000) for the performance of the Studies as set out in Exhibit I during the term ("Alliance Funding").

If Adaptimmune elects not to file in the United States or not to maintain an application or patent arising from any jointly-owned Invention, Adaptimmune will promptly notify MD Anderson within reasonable time for MD Anderson to file, prosecute or maintain such application or patent, and MD Anderson will have the right to file, prosecute or maintain such application or patent, at MD Anderson's expense. MD Anderson will keep Adaptimmune reasonably informed of all such material preparations, material filings, material prosecution, material maintenance, material enforcement and defense it makes in relation to any jointly-owned Invention.

The Parties will reasonably cooperate with each other with respect to matters concerning jointly-owned Inventions to the extent reasonably necessary for filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending or enforcing any such patents, registrations and other forms of intellectual property protection.

where made jointly by MD Anderson and Adaptimmune and/or Adaptimmune Limited and their employees and agents will be jointly owned by MD Anderson and Adaptimmune Limited.

With respect to any Inventions that are not Adaptimmune Inventions ("Other Inventions"),

As between the Parties, Adaptimmune will have the first right to prepare, file, prosecute, maintain, enforce and defend all U.S. and foreign patents, registrations and other forms of intellectual property in any jointly-owned Invention using patent counsel of its choice that is subject to the written approval of MD Anderson not to be unreasonably withheld and at the sole cost and expense of Adaptimmune, with accounting to MD Anderson.

Such license shall include an unrestricted right to sublicense through multiple tiers.

MD Anderson also hereby grants to Adaptimmune Limited an exclusive option to negotiate an

Adaptimmune Limited hereby grants MD Anderson a perpetual, irrevocable, no-cost, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to any Adaptimmune Invention or Other Invention in which Adaptimmune Limited has an ownership interest for MD Anderson's internal non-commercial research, academic and patient care purposes.

exclusive (subject to MD Anderson's perpetual, irrevocable, no-cost right to use such Invention for non-commercial internal research, academic and patient care purposes), royalty-bearing license to any Invention in which MD Anderson has an ownership interest, provided that Adaptimmune Limited pays all reasonably incurred patent expenses for such Invention in the event Adaptimmune Limited exercises its option.

For clarity the grant of any license under any Invention or assignment of any Invention by either Party does not include any license under any of such Party's Background IP, even where such Background IP dominates or encompasses any Invention.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, MD Anderson shall have the right to use results and Data of the Study for its internal research, academic, and patient care purposes and for publication in accordance with Section 12 below, save that no right or license is granted to MD Anderson under any of Adaptimmune's Background IP. Adaptimmune shall promptly disclose any Data it generates to MD Anderson.

MD Anderson hereby grants Adaptimmune and Adaptimmune Limited a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable royalty-free license to any Invention in which MD Anderson has an ownership interest, for any purpose.

exclusive (subject to MD Anderson's perpetual, irrevocable, no-cost right to use such Invention for non-commercial internal research, academic and patient care purposes), royalty-bearing license to any Invention in which MD Anderson has an ownership interest, provided that Adaptimmune Limited pays all reasonably incurred patent expenses for such Invention in the event Adaptimmune Limited exercises its option.

MD Anderson hereby grants Adaptimmune and Adaptimmune Limited a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable royalty-free license to any Invention in which MD Anderson has an ownership interest, for any purpose.

Adaptimmune Limited hereby grants MD Anderson a perpetual, irrevocable, no-cost, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to any Adaptimmune Invention or Other Invention in which Adaptimmune Limited has an ownership interest for MD Anderson's internal non-commercial research, academic and patient care purposes.

MD Anderson also hereby grants to Adaptimmune Limited an exclusive option to negotiate an

All reasonable fees associated with the wind-down activities and final monitoring visit shall be paid by Adaptimmune, to the extent not covered by Alliance Funding.

Termination of one or more Study Orders will not automatically result in the termination of this Agreement or termination of any other Study Orders.

Should MD Anderson terminate this Agreement in accordance with this Section 8.6 then the Parties will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any Clinical Study in relation to which any patient has been screened or enrolled shall continue under a separate clinical trial agreement to be entered into between the Parties as soon as possible after receipt of notice of termination by Adaptimmune.

In the event of expiration or early termination of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain binding with respect to any ongoing Studies (including any new studies to which any remaining Alliance Funding is allocated under Section 1.3) until completion of the Studies or termination of the respective Study Order/s.

The Parties agree that any termination of a Study Order shall allow for: (i) the wind down of the Study to ensure the safety of Study subjects; and (ii) Adaptimmune's final reconciliation of Data related to the Study in addition to Adaptimmune's final monitoring visit.

During any visit, MD Anderson and Principal Investigator shall reasonably cooperate with Adaptimmune and will use reasonably efforts to promptly provide any reasonably Study Records or Study information requested by Adaptimmune in accordance with this Section.

Any such visits shall be scheduled in coordination with MD Anderson and/or Principal Investigator during normal administrative business hours, and shall be subject Adaptimmune's and Adaptimmune Limited's compliance with MD Anderson's reasonable measures for confidentiality, safety and security, and shall also be subject to compliance with generally applicable premises rules at MD Anderson.

Such monitoring visits shall also enable Adaptimmune to (a) inspect and review any or all Study Records and Study source documents for comparison with case report forms; and (b) audit financial records relating solely to the performance of the Study under this Agreement.

As applicable to and appropriate for a Clinical Study, Adaptimmune may monitor the conduct of a Clinical Study in accordance with Good Clinical Practice requirements of FDA Regulations, and may visit MD Anderson for the purpose of such monitoring.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY AS A RESULT OF PERFORMANCE OF ANY STUDY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

MD Anderson has and will maintain in force during the term of this Agreement adequate insurance or financial resources to cover its obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

During the term of any Study Order under this Agreement, Adaptimmune Limited shall maintain in full force and effect insurance for its and Adaptimmune's liabilities arising from the Study with limits of not less than $*** per loss and $*** annual aggregate. Adaptimmune shall provide MD Anderson with evidence of such insurance upon request.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

NTL

NORTHERN TELECOM LIMITED

ENTRUST TECHNOLOGIES INC.

ETI

31 December,

1996

Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this                ----                                                       Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.

This Agreement shall be governed by and be                --------- ----                                            construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada.

For so long as ETI remains a Subsidiary              -----------------------                                           of NTL, it is the intention of ETI that the terms of the Source Code License  be no less favourable to Nortel than the terms then in effect with any of Entrust's source code licensees that receives substantially similar rights taking into account the relative size of the licensee and Entrust's potential benefits.

During the life of the Reseller Agreement,              -----------------------                                             it is the intention of ETI that the terms of the Reseller Agreement shall be no less favourable to Nortel than the terms in effect with any of Entrust's resellers of Entrust Products at the time the Reseller Agreement is executed.

Each Party's rights under this Agreement are                ----------------                                               personal to that Party and that Party shall not assign, sublet or otherwise transfer any right or interest under this Agreement to anyone, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(c) to make and have made, to use and have used, and to maintain machines,     tools, materials and other manufacturing instrumentalities, and to use and     have used methods and processes, insofar as such machines, tools, materials,     other manufacturing instrumentalities, methods and processes are involved in     or incidental to the development, manufacture, installation, testing,     maintenance or repair of Licensed Products, or to the training of personnel     in the use of such Licensed Products; provided, however, that the rights     granted in this Section 6.03(c) shall not serve to enlarge the scope of the     rights granted in Section 6.03(b);

Sections 6.01 and 6.02 (each such license being a "Patent License") include the

following rights:

(a) to make, use, lease, sell or otherwise dispose of, maintain and repair,     Licensed Products, to license the use of Licensed Products made by or for     Grantee, to practice any process involved in the manufacture or use of     Licensed Products, and to provide Licensed Services;

(b) to have made Licensed Products by another manufacturer for the use, lease,     sale, disposal or transfer by Grantee, but only when both of the following     conditions are met:

    (i)   the designs, specifications and working drawings for the manufacture            of such Licensed Products are furnished by Grantee; and

   (ii)   such designs, specifications and working drawings are in sufficient           detail that no additional design by the manufacturer is required other           than adaptation to the production processes and standards normally           used by the manufacturer which change the characteristics of the           products only to a negligible extent;

Subject to the terms and               --------------------------------                           conditions of this Agreement, NTL, to the extent of its legal right to do so, hereby grants to Entrust under the Nortel Patents, a non-transferable, non- assignable, indivisible, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license for Licensed Products and Licensed Services.

The licenses granted pursuant to

ETI, on behalf of Entrust, grants to NTL and its              ------------                                                   Affiliates (as defined in the Enterprise License) a non-exclusive, fully paid- up, worldwide, perpetual license to use an unlimited number of copies of the Entrust Products subject to the terms and conditions of an agreement to be concluded between NTL and ETI promptly after the Effective Date in substantially the form of the license set forth in Exhibit B (the "Enterprise License") save                                                      ------------------        as amended to comply with the provisions of this Article III.

Subject to the terms and               -----------------------------------                           conditions of this Agreement, Entrust, to the extent of its legal right to do so, hereby grants to Nortel, under the Entrust Patents, an irrevocable, non- transferable, non-assignable, indivisible, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license for Licensed Products and Licensed Services.

Subject to the terms and               --------------------------------                           conditions of this Agreement, NTL, to the extent of its legal right to do so, hereby grants to Entrust under the Nortel Patents, a non-transferable, non- assignable, indivisible, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license for Licensed Products and Licensed Services.

The licenses granted hereunder do not              ---------------------------                                        include for the Grantee the right to grant sublicenses to any third party except as expressly provide in Section 6.03.

Subject to the terms and               -----------------------------------                           conditions of this Agreement, Entrust, to the extent of its legal right to do so, hereby grants to Nortel, under the Entrust Patents, an irrevocable, non- transferable, non-assignable, indivisible, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license for Licensed Products and Licensed Services.

Subject to the terms and               --------------------------------                           conditions of this Agreement, NTL, to the extent of its legal right to do so, hereby grants to Entrust under the Nortel Patents, a non-transferable, non- assignable, indivisible, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license for Licensed Products and Licensed Services.

"Nortel Patents" shall mean all Patents other than Patents included in NTL  --------------                                                            Technology: (i) which are owned or controlled at any time during the Patent License Term by Nortel or any Nortel Subsidiary; or (ii) with respect to which, and to the extent to which, Nortel or any Nortel Subsidiary shall at any time during the Patent License Term have the right to grant the licenses and rights which are herein granted by Nortel including through cross licenses or otherwise.

Subject to the terms and               -----------------------------------                           conditions of this Agreement, Entrust, to the extent of its legal right to do so, hereby grants to Nortel, under the Entrust Patents, an irrevocable, non- transferable, non-assignable, indivisible, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license for Licensed Products and Licensed Services.

"Entrust Patents" shall mean all Patents: (i) which are owned or controlled at  ---------------                                                               any time during the Patent License Term by Entrust or any Entrust Subsidiary; or (ii) with respect to which, and to the extent to which, Entrust or any Entrust Subsidiary shall at any time during the Patent License Term have the right to grant the licenses and rights which are granted herein by Entrust.  The Entrust Patents as of the Effective Date are set forth in Exhibit A of the NTL Transfer Agreement.

ETI, on behalf of Entrust, grants to NTL and its              ------------                                                   Affiliates (as defined in the Enterprise License) a non-exclusive, fully paid- up, worldwide, perpetual license to use an unlimited number of copies of the Entrust Products subject to the terms and conditions of an agreement to be concluded between NTL and ETI promptly after the Effective Date in substantially the form of the license set forth in Exhibit B (the "Enterprise License") save                                                      ------------------        as amended to comply with the provisions of this Article III.

Any rights or license granted under this Article VI to a     -----------------                                                               corporation or other legal entity which becomes a Subsidiary of a Party at a     date later than the Effective Date shall become effective as of the date     upon which such corporation or other legal entity becomes a Subsidiary of     such Party.

ETI, on behalf of Entrust, grants to NTL and its              ------------                                                   Affiliates (as defined in the Enterprise License) a non-exclusive, fully paid- up, worldwide, perpetual license to use an unlimited number of copies of the Entrust Products subject to the terms and conditions of an agreement to be concluded between NTL and ETI promptly after the Effective Date in substantially the form of the license set forth in Exhibit B (the "Enterprise License") save                                                      ------------------        as amended to comply with the provisions of this Article III.

ETI, on behalf of Entrust, grants to NTL and its              ------------                                                   Affiliates (as defined in the Enterprise License) a non-exclusive, fully paid- up, worldwide, perpetual license to use an unlimited number of copies of the Entrust Products subject to the terms and conditions of an agreement to be concluded between NTL and ETI promptly after the Effective Date in substantially the form of the license set forth in Exhibit B (the "Enterprise License") save                                                      ------------------        as amended to comply with the provisions of this Article III.

Subject to the terms and               -----------------------------------                           conditions of this Agreement, Entrust, to the extent of its legal right to do so, hereby grants to Nortel, under the Entrust Patents, an irrevocable, non- transferable, non-assignable, indivisible, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license for Licensed Products and Licensed Services.

Except for breach of Article                -------------------------------                               VIII and for Article XII, in no event shall either Party be liable to the other Party for any indirect, incidental and/or consequential damages resulting from a breach of this agreement, including without limitation lost business, lost savings, and lost profits even if the breaching Party has been advised of the possibility of the occurrence of such damages.

ETI's liability to Nortel arising from or relating to the intellectual     property indemnity set forth in the Enterprise License shall not exceed 50%     (fifty percent) of the monies paid by Nortel thereunder to a maximum of     U.S.$1,000,000 (one million U.S. dollars).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of Nortel's and Entrust's liability to the other Party for breach of Article II shall not exceed U.S.$10,000,000.

Notwithstanding any provision of the Source Code              -----------------                                                  License, ETI shall not be required to honour any product warranty or intellectual property indemnity set forth in the Source Code License, to the extent that such breach of warranty or indemnity relates to a defect in any of the Entrust Products as of the Effective Date or the infringement or misappropriation of any third party rights incorporated into the Entrust Products as of the Effective Date.

In no event shall either Party be liable for any special or punitive damages arising from breach of this Agreement.

Except for breach of Article                -------------------------------                               VIII and for Article XII, in no event shall either Party be liable to the other Party for any indirect, incidental and/or consequential damages resulting from a breach of this agreement, including without limitation lost business, lost savings, and lost profits even if the breaching Party has been advised of the possibility of the occurrence of such damages.

For any cause of action arising under this                ---------------                                             Agreement, Nortel's liability to Entrust, and Entrust's liability to Nortel shall not exceed U.S.$5,000,000.

Each Grantor undertakes not to assert any                --------------------                                            claim for Patent infringement with respect to use and maintenance of Licensed Products against any end user, customer or distributor of Grantee, or any subsequent vendee, lessee, or transferee to the extent the Licensed Products have been acquired from Grantee after the Effective Date and are used for the purpose for which they predominantly have been made (without modification or amendment).

OUTSOURCING AGREEMENT

HealthPlan Services, Inc.

HPS

Sykes HealthPlan Services, Inc.

SHPS

January 1, 1998

January 1, 1998

The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.

Unless either party gives the other at least ninety days' prior written notice that it has elected not to extend the term of this Agreement beyond December 31, 1998, the term of this Agreement will be automatically extended until December 31, 1999.

Thereafter this Agreement will automatically be renewed for successive additional periods of one year, unless either party gives notice of cancellation on or before October 1 of any such year.

Unless either party gives the other at least ninety days' prior written notice that it has elected not to extend the term of this Agreement beyond December 31, 1998, the term of this Agreement will be automatically extended until December 31, 1999.

Thereafter this Agreement will automatically be renewed for successive additional periods of one year, unless either party gives notice of cancellation on or before October 1 of any such year.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws, other than choice of law rules, of the state of Florida.

HPS agrees to outsource to SHPS, and hereby appoints SHPS as the exclusive provider of, Care Management Services to the Clients, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be binding on the parties and their respective successors and assigns, but neither party may, or shall have the power to, assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

HPS will pay to SHPS all Care Management Revenues collected from such New Client, and SHPS will pay a commission to HPS equal to five percent (5%) of such amount received by SHPS from HPS pursuant to this Section 2.4.

For each month during the term of this Agreement, HPS will pay to SHPS an amount equal to (i) eighty-two and one-half percent (82.5%) of the first $500,000 of Care Management Revenues (as defined below) during such month plus (ii) eighty percent (80%) of Care Management Revenues during such month in excess of $500,000.

SHPS shall have the right, upon reasonable prior written notice, to examine, copy and audit such records. Such audit shall be conducted at the location where such records are maintained and shall be at the expense of SHPS.

Sponsorship Agreement

NCB

National Processing Company

National City Bank of Kentucky

NPC

June 30, 1996

The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.

This Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless one party gives the other party written notice of non-renewal at least six months prior to automatic renewal.

This Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless one party gives the other party written notice of non-renewal at least six months prior to automatic renewal.

This Agreement and its interpretation shall be governed by the laws of the United States and, to the extent not inconsistent therewith, by the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky without regard to conflicts of laws rules.

NCB appoints NPC, and NPC agrees to serve, as NCB's sole agent (i) to provide authorization, processing and settlement services with respect to Visa and MasterCard transactions ("Merchant Processing Services") to merchants who desire to receive Merchant Processing Services from NCB or NPC ("Merchants") and (ii) to enter into contracts with merchants ("Merchant Contracts") for the provision of Merchant Processing Services as agent of NCB; provided, however, that nothing herein shall limit NPC's right to provide, as agent for other members of Visa and MasterCard, Merchant Processing Services to merchants who desire to receive such services from NCB or others.

NCB appoints NPC, and NPC agrees to serve, as NCB's sole agent (i) to provide authorization, processing and settlement services with respect to Visa and MasterCard transactions ("Merchant Processing Services") to merchants who desire to receive Merchant Processing Services from NCB or NPC ("Merchants") and (ii) to enter into contracts with merchants ("Merchant Contracts") for the provision of Merchant Processing Services as agent of NCB; provided, however, that nothing herein shall limit NPC's right to provide, as agent for other members of Visa and MasterCard, Merchant Processing Services to merchants who desire to receive such services from NCB or others.

Neither party shall assign this Agreement or any rights under it except with the prior written consent of the other.

NCB agrees that NPC may use NCB's name and its BIN, ICA and any other Visa and MasterCard identification numbers to the extent necessary or appropriate to perform the Merchant Processing Services.

MASTER FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

Franchisor

Franchisee

Smaaash Entertainment Private Limited

I-AM Capital Acquisition Company

20t h day of November, 2018

20t h day of November, 2018

The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").

The parties hereto have expressly agreed that this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, applicable to contracts executed and fully to be performed therein, to the exclusion of any other applicable body of governing law.

Except as provided in the next sentence, the license granted herein shall be exclusive.

Subject to Section 1.2, Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee the exclusive right, (a) to establish and operate Smaaash Centres in the Territory, (b) to sub-license the right to establish and operate Smaaash Centres to third party franchisees in and for the Territory, (c) a license to use the products and other services developed by Franchisor with respect to the Smaaash Centres (including a right to authorise the use of products and services developed by the Franchisor by third party franchisees), in the Territory, and (d) to identify third party franchisees for the Smaaash Centres in the Territory.

"Exclusivity" shall mean that Franchisor shall not grant any further licenses to third parties in the Trademarks for use in connection with Smaaash Centres in the Territory, and the Franchisee shall not enter into any arrangement or agreement with any third parties for establishing or operating any gaming and entertainment centres identical or similar to Smaaash Centres, in the Territory except as otherwise provided in this Agreement; provided, however, that Franchisor may continue to use the Trademarks in the Territory in connection with the operation of Franchisor's entertainment centers already set up as of the Effective Date in the Territory. The restriction contained in this Agreement shall apply on the parties throughout the Term.

"Exclusivity" shall mean that Franchisor shall not grant any further licenses to third parties in the Trademarks for use in connection with Smaaash Centres in the Territory, and the Franchisee shall not enter into any arrangement or agreement with any third parties for establishing or operating any gaming and entertainment centres identical or similar to Smaaash Centres, in the Territory except as otherwise provided in this Agreement; provided, however, that Franchisor may continue to use the Trademarks in the Territory in connection with the operation of Franchisor's entertainment centers already

Franchisee shall not do anything or suffer anything to be done which may adversely affect any rights of Franchisor in and to any Franchisor Property, or any registrations thereof or which, directly or indirectly, may

disparage or detract from Franchisor's reputation.

The Franchisee shall not be entitled to assign, transfer, encumber or dispose of any of its rights and or obligations under this Agreement, including to an affiliate, without the prior written consent of the Franchisor.

If third party franchisees are operating the Smaaash Centres, then the Franchisee shall be entitled to receive, (i) 5% (five percent) of the capital expenditure as agreed among the parties for the particular Smaaash Centre as sign -on fees or upfront advance, and (ii) 5% (five percent) fee or commission of the revenue generated by such third party franchisees from the Smaash Centres on an annual basis.

Franchisee or third party sub -franchisees shall be under an obligation to set up at least 6 (six) Smaaash Centres during the first Contract Year or any other time period as may be provided by Franchisor.

If Franchisee has obtained or obtains in the future, in any country, any right, title or interest in any Franchisor Property notwithstanding the previous sentence (including any colorable imitations, translations, or transliterations thereof), Franchisee will be deemed to have so acted as an agent and for the benefit of Franchisor for the limited purpose of obtaining such registrations and assigning them to Franchisor.

Franchisee shall execute, for no additional consideration, any and all documents deemed necessary by Franchisor or its attorneys to be necessary to transfer such right, title or interest to Franchisor.

The rights granted herein include the limited license to use the Trademarks of the Franchisor (the details of which are morefully set out in Exhibit A), as set out in Section 3 of this Agreement, for the purposes of establishing and operating the Smaaash Centres in the Territory.

Subject to Section 1.2, Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee the exclusive right, (a) to establish and operate Smaaash Centres in the Territory, (b) to sub-license the right to establish and operate Smaaash Centres to third party franchisees in and for the Territory, (c) a license to use the products and other services developed by Franchisor with respect to the Smaaash Centres (including a right to authorise the use of products and services developed by the Franchisor by third party franchisees), in the Territory, and (d) to identify third party franchisees for the Smaaash Centres in the Territory.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including all obligations to first obtain Franchisor's written approval), Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee the right to use the Trademarks (the details of which are set out in Exhibit A to this Agreement) (including sub-licensing this right to third party franchisees with the approval of Franchisor), on a royalty-free basis, for the purpose of operating and promoting the Smaaash Centres in the Territory.

During the Term, Franchisor shall have the right to conduct audits of Franchisee with respect to the Smaaash Centres, and inspect the Smaaash Centres, after providing a written notice of 5 (five) days.

Franchisee shall be under an obligation to provide any information as may be requested by Franchisor with respect to the Smaaash Centres, including the books of accounts and other relevant documents or records maintained in relation to the Smaaash Centres.

During the Term, Franchisee shall maintain policies of insurance as may be requested by Franchisor, subject to applicable law, in relation to the Smaaash Centres.

Franchisee shall not challenge, directly or indirectly, Franchisor's interest in, or the validity of, any Franchisor Property, or any application for registration or trademark registration thereof or any rights of Franchisor therein.

Cooperation Agreement

"QIWI", and, together with its Affiliates, "QIWI Group"

"Parties" shall mean OICL and QIWI, together, and each of them a "Party";

OICL

QIWI plc

"OICL" and together with its Affiliates, "Otkritie"

Otkritie Investments Cyprus Limited

02 June, 2015

The remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be effective only upon Completion 1 (the "Effective Time").

This Clause 6 and Clauses 1, 5, 7 through 9 (inclusive) come into force and effect upon the execution of this Agreement by the Parties.

Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur:

 (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and

 (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.

This Agreement and any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter, existence, negotiation, validity, termination, breach or enforceability (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.

No Party shall assign (whether absolutely or by way of security and whether in whole or in part), transfer, mortgage, charge or otherwise dispose in any manner whatsoever of the benefit of this Agreement or sub-contract or delegate in any manner whatsoever its performance under this Agreement.

For two (2) years following the Effective Time, QIWI covenants that at least one half of the total transactions processed by the Contact money transfer system during such two-year period shall be settled through PJSC Khanty-Mansiysk Bank Otkritie, provided that QIWI may terminate its obligation under this Clause 4.1 at any time, in which case it shall pay to Otkritie a fee equal to the demonstrated costs incurred by Otkritie for such period starting from 1 September 2014, until the date of termination of QIWI's obligations under this Clause 4.1 in connection with (i) the transfer of settlement bank function to PJSC Khanty-Mansiysk Bank Otkritie ; and (ii) supporting the settlement bank functionality for the Contact money transfer system, provided further that such fee shall in no event exceed RUB 50 000 000 (fifty million roubles).

For two (2) years following the Effective Time, QIWI covenants that at least one half of the total transactions processed by the Contact money transfer system during such two-year period shall be settled through PJSC Khanty-Mansiysk Bank Otkritie, provided that QIWI may terminate its obligation under this Clause 4.1 at any time, in which case it shall pay to Otkritie a fee equal to the demonstrated costs incurred by Otkritie for such period starting from 1 September 2014, until the date of termination of QIWI's obligations under this Clause 4.1 in connection with (i) the transfer of settlement bank function to PJSC Khanty-Mansiysk Bank Otkritie ; and (ii) supporting the settlement bank functionality for the Contact money transfer system, provided further that such fee shall in no event exceed RUB 50 000 000 (fifty million roubles).

For two (2) years following the Effective Time, QIWI covenants that at least one half of the total transactions processed by the Contact money transfer system during such two-year period shall be settled through PJSC Khanty-Mansiysk Bank Otkritie, provided that QIWI may terminate its obligation under this Clause 4.1 at any time, in which case it shall pay to Otkritie a fee equal to the demonstrated costs incurred by Otkritie for such period starting from 1 September 2014, until the date of termination of QIWI's obligations under this Clause 4.1 in connection with (i) the transfer of settlement bank function to PJSC Khanty-Mansiysk Bank Otkritie ; and (ii) supporting the settlement bank functionality for the Contact money transfer system, provided further that such fee shall in no event exceed RUB 50 000 000 (fifty million roubles).

CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

World Book

World Book, Inc.

HSWI

HSW International, Inc.

September 17, 2008

September 17, 2008

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.

At the end of such [*] ([*]) year period, HSWI shall have the right to renew the Agreement under materially the same terms or shall have an option to purchase the Translated Content outright to the extent rights permit and to the extent the parties mutually agree to terms for such sale.

This Agreement, the rights and obligations of the parties hereto, and any claims or disputes thereto, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflict of law principles. Venue for any proceedings not subject to arbitration under this Agreement shall be in the state and federal courts located in New York, New York.

HSWI may not sublicense the Content, Images or Affinities to any paid-subscription website which is an aggregator of third-party content (for the avoidance of doubt, such shall not include the

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, attached as Attachment B is a list of companies (the "Competitors II") which are competitors with World Book and to whom sublicense may be made only with prior written consent of World Book, which World Book may withhold at its sole discretion.

HSWI Websites).

World Book shall not license to any third parties or otherwise use the Content as Affinities in any digital form during the term of the license.

The term of the license for the Content delivered to HSWI as part of the Affinities, and the Affinities themselves, shall be perpetual, Exclusive, and irrevocable.

Commencing on the Effective Date and continuing for eighteen (18) months, World Book shall work exclusively with HSWI to publish Chinese language Content for the Open Free Web and shall not itself, directly or indirectly, publish Chinese language Content for the Open Free Web.

World Book shall have no right to allow any party other than HSWI, including World Book, to publish, distribute, duplicate, or otherwise use the Reference Content that comprises the Affinities on the Open Free Web for purposes of creating any materials that are the same or similar to the Affinities and published online or in any other free digital media.

In addition, such license for Translated Content shall be Exclusive for Display on the Open Free Web.

At the end of such [*] ([*]) year period, HSWI shall have the right to renew the Agreement under materially the same terms or shall have an option to purchase the Translated Content outright to the extent rights permit and to the extent the parties mutually agree to terms for such sale.

Additionally commencing on the Effective Date and continuing for eighteen (18) months, World Book shall offer HSWI a right of first refusal to create any paid-subscription Chinese language websites, which do not exist as of the date hereof, using the Content on equal or better terms as agreed to between World Book and a third party.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, attached as Attachment C is a list of companies (the "Competitors") to whom assignment of this Agreement outside of an Acquisition may be made only with prior written consent of the other party, which the other party may withhold at its sole discretion.

Except as set forth herein, the parties shall not have any right or ability to assign, transfer, or sublicense any obligations or benefit under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, except that, upon written notice to the other party, a party (i) may assign and transfer this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder to any third party who succeeds to substantially all its business, stock, or assets related to this Agreement, including, without limitation, to a Competitor (as defined below) (an "Acquisition"); and (ii) may assign or transfer any rights to receive payments hereunder.

The Royalty rate shall be [*] percent ([*]%) on the Affinities and Reference Content; and [*] percent ([*]%) on Translated Content.

Royalties for Content will be calculated based on the Royalty rates set forth in Subsection (i) and compared to the Payments/Advances paid by HSWI during the term of this Agreement.

HSWI shall pay to World Book Royalties calculated as a defined percentage of the Net Revenue received by HSWI from

advertising generated directly from Content by web pages containing Content or any portion of the Content provided by World Book to HSWI hereunder.

The total amount of material World Book makes available for all Affinities shall be no less than sixteen million (16,000,000) Chinese characters.

Additionally, the Affinities shall collectively contain at least sixteen thousand (16,000) Articles written in simplified Chinese characters, with an average and median number of words per Article of no less than one thousand (1,000) simplified Chinese characters.

HSWI may not sublicense the Content, Images or Affinities to any paid-subscription website which is an aggregator of third-party content (for the avoidance of doubt, such shall not include the

In addition, World Book grants HSWI the right to sub-license the Content for business development purposes, with no more than [*] ([*]%) of the Content being licensed to any single third party, and in limited, non-material usage in other mediums for promotional or public relations purposes.

World Book grants HSWI the right to use, copy, store, archive, distribute, transmit, modify, translate (subject to Section 2.3), and Display the Images as part of the Affinity.

World Book further grants HSWI the right to sub-license the Content, Images and Affinities to users of the HSWI Websites to view, to store, and to make reasonable copies of the Content, Images and Affinities to use such Content, Images and Affinities for non-commercial, private purposes, provided that HSWI sets forth the limited terms of such sublicense in writing in the HSWI Websites' terms and conditions.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, World Book grants HSWI the right to use, copy, store, archive, distribute, transmit, modify, translate (subject to Section 2.3), and Display the Content that comprises the Affinities as part of the Affinities, and the Affinities themselves, in any manner and in any digital media (and to sublicense such rights to third parties), provided that HSWI does not resell all or license substantially all of the Content for a fee to other content publishers.

HSWI Websites).

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, World Book hereby grants to HSWI, a perpetual, irrevocable limited license to use, copy, store, archive, distribute, transmit, modify (subject to Section 2.1(iv)), and Display the Content, Images and Affinities in whole or in part, only on the HSWI Websites or in promotions in any media for the HSWI Websites.

HSWI may not sublicense the Content, Images or Affinities to any paid-subscription website which is an aggregator of third-party content (for the avoidance of doubt, such shall not include the

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, attached as Attachment B is a list of companies (the "Competitors II") which are competitors with World Book and to whom sublicense may be made only with prior written consent of World Book, which World Book may withhold at its sole discretion.

In addition, World Book grants HSWI the right to sub-license the Content for business development purposes, with no more than [*] ([*]%) of the Content being licensed to any single third party, and in limited, non-material usage in other mediums for promotional or public relations purposes.

World Book further grants HSWI the right to sub-license the Content, Images and Affinities to users of the HSWI Websites to view, to store, and to make reasonable copies of the Content, Images and Affinities to use such Content, Images and Affinities for non-commercial, private purposes, provided that HSWI sets forth the limited terms of such sublicense in writing in the HSWI Websites' terms and conditions.

Except as set forth herein, HSWI has no other right to sublicense the Content except with the advance written consent of World Book.

HSWI Websites).

All rights granted to HSWI under this Agreement may be exercised by or through HSWI and/or its Affiliates.

The term of the license for the Content delivered to HSWI as part of the Affinities, and the Affinities themselves, shall be perpetual, Exclusive, and irrevocable.

The term of the license for the Images delivered to HSWI as part of the Affinity, shall be perpetual and irrevocable.

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, World Book hereby grants to HSWI, a perpetual, irrevocable limited license to use, copy, store, archive, distribute, transmit, modify (subject to Section 2.1(iv)), and Display the Content, Images and Affinities in whole or

Any such audit will be conducted upon [*] ([*]) days notice and during regular business hours, and shall be at [*] expense, unless such audit reveals a discrepancy of more than [*] percent ([*]%) in the total applicable amount reported by HSWI, in which case [*] shall pay for, or reimburse [*] the cost of, such audit.

HSWI further agrees that until the expiration of [*] ([*]) year after the termination of this Agreement, HSWI will make available upon written request to World Book or any of its duly authorized representatives, this Agreement and books, documents, and records of HSWI that are necessary to verify the nature and extent of the revenue derived by HSWI from advertising related to the Content hereunder.

No more than [*] audit may be conducted in any [*] month period, unless the then-most-recent audit reveals a discrepancy of more than [*] percent ([*]%) in the total applicable amount reported by HSWI.

HSWI shall also provide reasonable assistance to World Book or its designated agent to conduct audits to confirm the payments hereunder.

Any such audit shall be conducted by an independent certified public accounting firm which is not engaged in performing other work for World Book or its affiliates; which agrees to enter into a confidentiality agreement with HSWI; and which is not compensated in any manner of contingency arrangements on the basis of its findings.

EXCEPT FOR EITHER PARTY'S VIOLATION OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS AND FOR EITHER PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTIES, FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT FOR EITHER PARTY'S VIOLATION OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS AND FOR EITHER PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY AMOUNTS IN EXCESS IN THE AGGREGATE OF THE AMOUNT OF THE FEES PAID OR PAYABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

EXCEPT FOR EITHER PARTY'S VIOLATION OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS AND FOR EITHER PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTIES, FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT FOR EITHER PARTY'S VIOLATION OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS AND FOR EITHER PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY AMOUNTS IN EXCESS IN THE AGGREGATE OF THE AMOUNT OF THE FEES PAID OR PAYABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

Development Agreement

WPD Pharmaceuticals

WPD

CNS and WPD are sometimes referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

CNS

CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

March 20, 2020

March 20, 2020

The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").

This Agreement will be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.

Thereafter, WPD shall furnish to CNS Development Fees no later than forty-five days after the end of each Calendar Quarter for the Sale of Development Products through the end of such Calendar Quarter and shall further furnish CNS with a written statement setting forth an accounting showing the calculation of the Development Fees.

The first Development Fees payment shall be due forty-five days after the end of the Calendar Quarter in which the first Sale of a Development Product took place.

"Development Fee" means 50% of the Net Sales for any Development Products in the Development Territory.

WPD shall, and shall cause its respective affiliates, to permit CNS and its respective designated representatives, at reasonable times and upon reasonable prior notice to such parties, to review the books and records of WPD and any of its affiliates and to discuss the affairs, finances and condition of such party and any of its affiliates with the officers of such entities and any of their affiliates in relation to their compliance with this section, as applicable.

AMENDMENT NO. 1

Wireless Content License Agreement Number 12965

Fox Mobile Entertainment, Inc.

Fox

Glu Mobile, Inc. f/k/a Sorrent, Inc.

Licensee

November 11, 2005

For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee's right and license to develop and distribute the Game in connection with the Property "ICE AGE 2" shall become non-exclusive after December 31, 2006.

Licensee shall have the non-exclusive right and license to develop and distribute ICE AGE 2 Wireless Products during the Term of the Agreement for all Wireless Products set forth in this Paragraph 2(c) except the Game, for which Licensee shall have the exclusive right and license to develop and distribute until December 31, 2006.

Paragraph 1(a) of the Agreement is amended to provide that Fox grants Licensee a worldwide, exclusive (except as otherwise may be provided in the Agreement), non-transferable right and license to distribute video clips for the property "KINGDOM OF HEAVEN" ("KOH Video Clips")

At such time that ***** percent (*****%) of the Guarantee Forfeiture Payment is recouped by Licensee, Fox shall earn and Licensee shall pay to Fox Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee's gross receipts from Licensee's sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the IN HER SHOES Wireless Product.

Should Fox or its assigns choose to distribute the Wireless Products through Fox's and its assigns' direct-to-consumer distribution channels, Fox or its assigns shall deduct a percentage of Fox's Gross Receipts (defined as monies received by or credited to Fox or its assigns from Fox's or its assigns' direct-to-consumer distribution channels, for the download of the Wireless Products by end users, or the sale or download of Wireless Products to end users) collected from the sale of such Wireless Products ("Distribution Fee") in the amount of ***** percent (*****%) of Fox's Gross Receipts.

At such time that ***** percent (*****%) of the Guarantee Forfeiture Payment is recouped by Licensee, Fox shall earn and Licensee shall pay to Fox Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee's gross receipts from Licensee's sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the IDIOCRACY Wireless Product.

After Fox or its assigns deducts its Distribution Fee, it shall remit the remainder to Licensee and Licensee shall pay to Fox or its assigns or such other party as Fox or its assigns may designate in writing, Royalties in the amounts set forth in the Agreement or this Amendment.

In addition to any outstanding Guarantee payments which Licensee shall pay to Fox as set forth in Paragraph 3 of this Amendment below, Licensee shall pay to Fox a minimum recoupable guarantee of ***** dollars (US$*****) on or before ***** ("ICE AGE 2 Guarantee"), and

Fox shall earn, and Licensee shall pay the applicable Major Release Royalties as set forth in Paragraph 7(a)(i) of the Agreement in connection with the property "ICE AGE 2".

Paragraph 7 of the Agreement is amended to provide that with respect to the KOH Video Clips, Fox shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to ***** percent (*****%) of ***** percent (*****%) of the Gross Receipts derived from the distribution of the KOH Video Clips from the first dollar Licensee earns ("KOH Video Clips Revenue").

In addition to any outstanding Guarantee payments which Licensee shall pay to Fox as set forth in Paragraph 3 of this Amendment below, Licensee shall pay to Fox a minimum recoupable guarantee of ***** dollars (US$*****) on or before ***** ("ICE AGE 2 Guarantee"), and



*****  The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933.

Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007







Fox shall earn, and Licensee shall pay the applicable Major Release Royalties as set forth in Paragraph 7(a)(i) of the Agreement in connection with the property "ICE AGE 2".

Furthermore, pursuant to Paragraph 2(c)(ii) of this Amendment, Licensee shall pay to Fox an additional minimum recoupable guarantee of ***** dollars (US$*****).

(iii) up to 5 MMS; (iv) up to 10 Wallpapers; (v) and up to 5 Voicetones ("ICE AGE 2 Wireless Products") in each of the following five (5) languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, with Portuguese, Greek, Dutch and Swedish to be made available where practicable.

Licensee shall develop and distribute the following Wireless Products in connection with the property "ICE AGE 2":

Paragraph 1(a) of the Agreement is amended to provide that Fox grants Licensee a worldwide, exclusive (except as otherwise may be provided in the Agreement), non-transferable right and license to distribute video clips for the property "KINGDOM OF HEAVEN" ("KOH Video Clips").

Licensee shall have the non-exclusive right and license to develop and distribute ICE AGE 2 Wireless Products during the Term of the Agreement for all Wireless Products set forth in this Paragraph 2(c) except the Game, for which Licensee shall have the exclusive right and license to develop and distribute until December 31, 2006.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will Fox develop, publish and/or distribute games derived from the Property "ICE AGE 2" prior to January 1, 2007.

Paragraph 1(a) of the Agreement is amended to provide that Fox grants Licensee a worldwide, exclusive (except as otherwise may be provided in the Agreement), non-transferable right and license to distribute video clips for the property "KINGDOM OF HEAVEN" ("KOH Video Clips").

AGENCY AGREEMENT

Bruyette & Woods, Inc.

MidTier

Hyde Park Bancorp, Inc.

Hyde Park Bancorp, MHC

Bank

Agent

MHC

Holding Company

Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc.

Blue Hills Bank

May 14, 2014

May 14, 2014

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law.

Subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Blue Hills Parties hereby appoint the Agent as their exclusive financial advisor and conversion agent (i) to utilize its best efforts to solicit subscriptions for Shares and to advise and assist the Holding Company and the Bank with respect to the sale of the Shares in the Offering and (ii) to participate in the Offering in the areas of market making and in syndicate formation or to act as sole book-running manager in the Underwritten Offering (if necessary).

The Holding Company may engage Agent to offer the Shares to certain members of the general public in the Underwritten Offering with Agent acting as sole book-running manager. In the event that Agent sells Shares in the Underwritten Offering, the underwriting discount will equal 5.25% of the aggregate Purchase Price of the Shares sold in the Underwritten Offering to Agent and to any other broker-dealer participating as an underwriter in the Underwritten Offering.

A Success Fee of 0.85% shall be paid based on the aggregate purchase price of the Shares sold in the Subscription Offering and the Community Offering excluding shares purchased by the Blue Hills Parties' officers, directors, trustees or employees (or members of their immediate family) plus any ESOP, tax-qualified or stock based compensation plans or similar plan created by the Blue Hills Parties for some or all of their directors or employees or by the foundation (or any shares contributed to the foundation).

In the event the Holding Company is unable to sell a minimum of 17,850,000 Shares within the period herein provided, this Agreement shall terminate and the Holding Company shall refund to any persons who have subscribed for any of the Shares the full amount which it may have received from them plus accrued interest, as set forth in the Prospectus; and none of the parties to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other parties hereunder, except as set forth in this Section 2 and in Sections 7, 9 and 10 hereof. In the event the Offering is terminated for any reason not attributable to the action or inaction of the Agent, the Agent shall be paid the fees due to the date of such termination pursuant to subparagraphs (a) and (e) below.

In the event the Holding Company fails to sell the required minimum number of the Shares by the date when such sales must be completed, in accordance with the provisions of the Plan or as required by the Massachusetts Regulations and applicable law, this Agreement shall terminate upon refund by the Holding Company to each person who has subscribed for or ordered any of the Shares the full amount which it may have received from such person, together with interest as provided in the Prospectus, and no party to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other hereunder, except as set forth in Sections 2(a), 2(e), 7, 9 and 10 hereof.

It is expressly agreed that the Agent shall not be liable for any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense or be required to contribute any amount pursuant to Section 9(b) or this Section 10 which in the aggregate exceeds the amount paid (excluding reimbursable expenses) to the Agent under this Agreement.

The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable limits, and upon consummation of the Conversion, the liquidation accounts for the benefit of Eligible Account Holders will be duly established in accordance with the requirements of the Massachusetts Regulations.

The Blue Hills Parties carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is adequate for the conduct of their respective businesses and the value of their respective properties as is customary for companies engaged in a similar industry.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT, d

SpinCo

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.

GARRETT MOTION INC.

Honeywell

September 27, 2018

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which counterparts shall be considered one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the other Party.

Any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including to its execution, performance or enforcement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of Laws thereof.

This Agreement may be terminated by Honeywell at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Distribution; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the termination of the Separation Agreement in accordance with its terms.

in, or the assets of, any member of the SpinCo Group in a single transaction or a series of related transactions to one or more third parties, (y) any direct or indirect acquisition, consolidation or merger of any member of the SpinCo Group by, with or into any third party or (z) any spin-off, public offering or other corporate reorganization or single transaction or series of related transactions in which direct or indirect control of any member of the SpinCo Group is transferred to one or more third parties, including by transferring an excess of fifty percent (50%) of such member of the SpinCo Group's voting power, shares or equity, through a merger, consolidation, tender offer or similar transaction to one or more third parties.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Party to this Agreement (or any of its successors or permitted assigns) (a) shall enter into a consolidation or merger transaction in which such Party is not the surviving entity and the surviving entity acquires or assumes all or substantially all of such Party's assets, (b) shall transfer all or substantially all of such Party's assets to any Person or (c) shall assign this Agreement to such Party's Affiliates, then, in each such case, the assigning Party (or its successors or permitted assigns, as applicable) shall ensure that the assignee or successor- in-interest expressly assumes in writing all of the obligations of the assigning Party under this Agreement, and the assigning Party shall not be required to seek consent, but shall provide written notice and evidence of such assignment, assumption or succession to the non-assigning Party.

Without limiting ARTICLE VIII, the license granted to the SpinCo Group in Section 3.03(a) shall automatically terminate in the event (i) that any member of the SpinCo Group assigns, transfers, licenses or otherwise conveys any rights in or to the Honeywell Content to any third party or (ii) of (x) the sale of all or substantially all of the ownership interests

Without limiting ARTICLE VIII, the license granted to the SpinCo Group in Section 3.03(a) shall automatically terminate in the event (i) that any member of the SpinCo Group assigns, transfers, licenses or otherwise conveys any rights in or to the Honeywell Content to any third party or (ii) of (x) the sale of all or substantially all of the ownership interests

Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement, including the licenses granted pursuant to this Agreement, shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party.

in, or the assets of, any member of the SpinCo Group in a single transaction or a series of related transactions to one or more third parties, (y) any direct or indirect acquisition, consolidation or merger of any member of the SpinCo Group by, with or into any third party or (z) any spin-off, public offering or other corporate reorganization or single transaction or series of related transactions in which direct or indirect control of any member of the SpinCo Group is transferred to one or more third parties, including by transferring an excess of fifty percent (50%) of such member of the SpinCo Group's voting power, shares or equity, through a merger, consolidation, tender offer or similar transaction to one or more third parties

No Party or any member of its Group may assign or grant a license in or to any of its Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the other Party or any member of its Group pursuant to ARTICLE III or ARTICLE IV, unless such assignment or grant is subject to the licenses, covenants and restrictions set forth herein.

In order to carry out the intent of the Parties with respect to the recordation of the transfers of any registrations or applications of Honeywell IP or SpinCo IP, as applicable, to the extent the ownership thereof has transferred from a member of the Honeywell Group to a member of the SpinCo Group, or vice versa, pursuant to the Separation Agreement or any other Ancillary Agreement, the Parties shall, and shall cause their respective Group members (as applicable) to, execute intellectual property assignments in a form substantially similar to that attached as Exhibit A1 (the "Patent Assignment Agreement"), Exhibit A2 (the "Trademark Assignment Agreement"), Exhibit A3 (the "Copyright Assignment Agreement"), Exhibit A4 (the "Domain Name Assignment Agreement") and Exhibit A5 (the "Invention Disclosure Assignment Agreement") as well as such additional case specific assignments as deemed appropriate or necessary under applicable Laws (collectively, the "Intellectual Property Assignment Agreements") for recordation with the appropriate Governmental Authority.

In the event a Party divests a business by (a) spinning off a member of its Group by its sale or other disposition to a third party, (b) reducing ownership or control in a member of its Group so that it no longer qualifiers as a member of its Group under this Agreement or (c) selling or otherwise transferring a line of business to a third party (each such divested entity/line of business, a "Divested Entity"), the Divested Entity shall retain those licenses granted to it under this Agreement provided that the license shall be limited to the business of the Divested Entity as of the date of divestment and the natural development thereof.

Hence, as of the Distribution Date, Honeywell hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Honeywell Group to hereby grant, to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, perpetual, sublicenseable (solely to Subsidiaries and suppliers for "have-made" purposes), worldwide license to use and exercise rights under the Honeywell Shared IP (excluding Trademarks, the Honeywell Content and the subject matter of any other Ancillary Agreement), said license being limited to use of a similar type, scope and extent as used in the SpinCo Business prior to the Distribution Date and the natural growth and development thereof.

Notwithstanding Section 3.01, Honeywell hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Honeywell Group to hereby grant, to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group, for a period of ten (10) years after the Distribution Date (unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3.03(c)), a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable, worldwide license to use and reproduce the Honeywell Content solely for the SpinCo Group's internal business purposes.

Hence, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the SpinCo Group to hereby grant, to Honeywell and the members of the Honeywell Group a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, perpetual, sublicenseable (solely to Subsidiaries and suppliers for "have made" purposes), worldwide license to use and exercise rights under the SpinCo Shared IP (excluding Trademarks and the subject matter of any other Ancillary Agreement), said license being limited to use of a similar type, scope and extent as used in the Honeywell Business prior to the Distribution Date and the natural growth and development thereof.

Notwithstanding Section 3.01, Honeywell hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Honeywell Group to hereby grant, to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group, for a period of ten (10) years after the Distribution Date (unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3.03(c)), a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable, worldwide license to use and reproduce the Honeywell Content solely for the SpinCo Group's internal business purposes.

Hence, as of the Distribution Date, Honeywell hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Honeywell Group to hereby grant, to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, perpetual, sublicenseable (solely to Subsidiaries and suppliers for "have-made" purposes), worldwide license to use and exercise rights under the Honeywell Shared IP (excluding Trademarks, the Honeywell Content and the subject matter of any other Ancillary Agreement), said license being limited to use of a similar type, scope and extent as used in the SpinCo Business prior to the Distribution Date and the natural growth and development thereof.

Notwithstanding Section 3.01, Honeywell hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Honeywell Group to hereby grant, to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group, for a period of ten (10) years after the Distribution Date (unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3.03(c)), a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable, worldwide license to use and reproduce the Honeywell Content solely for the SpinCo Group's internal business purposes.

(a) Notwithstanding Section 3.01, Honeywell hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Honeywell Group to hereby grant, to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group, for a period of ten (10) years after the Distribution Date (unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3.03(c)), a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable, worldwide license to use and reproduce the Honeywell Content solely for the SpinCo Group's internal business purposes.

Hence, as of the Distribution Date, Honeywell hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Honeywell Group to hereby grant, to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, perpetual, sublicenseable (solely to Subsidiaries and suppliers for "have-made" purposes), worldwide license to use and exercise rights under the Honeywell Shared IP (excluding Trademarks, the Honeywell Content and the subject matter of any other Ancillary Agreement), said license being limited to use of a similar type, scope and extent as used in the SpinCo Business prior to the Distribution Date and the natural growth and development thereof.

Hence, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the SpinCo Group to hereby grant, to Honeywell and the members of the Honeywell Group a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, perpetual, sublicenseable (solely to Subsidiaries and suppliers for "have made" purposes), worldwide license to use and exercise rights under the SpinCo Shared IP (excluding Trademarks and the subject matter of any other Ancillary Agreement), said license being limited to use of a similar type, scope and extent as used in the Honeywell Business prior to the Distribution Date and the natural growth and development thereof.

Hence, as of the Distribution Date, Honeywell hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Honeywell Group to hereby grant, to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, perpetual, sublicenseable (solely to Subsidiaries and suppliers for "have-made" purposes), worldwide license to use and exercise rights under the Honeywell Shared IP (excluding Trademarks, the Honeywell Content and the subject matter of any other Ancillary Agreement), said license being limited to use of a similar type, scope and extent as used in the SpinCo Business prior to the Distribution Date and the natural growth and development thereof.

Hence, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the SpinCo Group to hereby grant, to Honeywell and the members of the Honeywell Group a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, perpetual, sublicenseable (solely to Subsidiaries and suppliers for "have made" purposes), worldwide license to use and exercise rights under the SpinCo Shared IP (excluding Trademarks and the subject matter of any other Ancillary Agreement), said license being limited to use of a similar type, scope and extent as used in the Honeywell Business prior to the Distribution Date and the natural growth and development thereof.

Without limiting the terms set forth in Section 6.09 of the Separation Agreement, none of Honeywell, SpinCo or any other member of either Group shall in any event have any Liability to the other or to any other member of the other's Group under this Agreement for any indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages, whether or not caused by or resulting from negligence or breach of obligations hereunder and whether or not informed of the possibility of the existence of such damages.

Honeywell agrees that it will not, and agrees to cause each member of the Honeywell Group not to, (i) initiate any Action against any member of the SpinCo Group or its Affiliates for infringement, misappropriation or other violation of any Honeywell IP, (ii) oppose, challenge, petition to cancel, contest or threaten in any way, or assist another party in opposing, challenging, petitioning to cancel, contesting or threatening in any way, any application or registration by SpinCo or its Affiliates or their respective licensees for any SpinCo IP, the use of which is consistent with the use of such SpinCo IP in connection with the SpinCo Business as of immediately prior to the Distribution Date, (iii) engage in any act, or purposefully omit to perform any act, that impairs or adversely affects the rights of SpinCo or any member of the SpinCo Group in and to any SpinCo IP or (iv) apply for any registration with respect to the SpinCo IP (including federal, state and national registrations), in each case of the foregoing clauses (i) - (iv) for a period of five (5) years after the Distribution Date, without the prior written consent of SpinCo, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

initiate any Action against any member of the Honeywell Group or its Affiliates for infringement, misappropriation or other violation of any SpinCo IP, (ii) oppose, challenge, petition to cancel, contest or threaten in any way, or assist another party in opposing, challenging, petitioning to cancel, contesting or threatening in any way, any application or registration by the Honeywell Group or its Affiliates or their respective licensees for any Honeywell IP, the use of which is consistent with the use of such Honeywell IP in connection with the Honeywell Business as of immediately prior to the Distribution Date, (iii) engage in any act, or purposefully omit to perform any act, that impairs or adversely affects the rights of Honeywell or any member of the Honeywell Group in and to any Honeywell IP or (iv) apply for any registration with respect to the Honeywell IP (including federal, state and national registrations), in each case of the foregoing clauses (i) - (iv) for a period of five (5) years after the Distribution Date, without the prior written consent of Honeywell, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

SpinCo agrees that it will not, and agrees to cause each member of the SpinCo Group not to, (i)

CO-BRANDING Agreement

The Boxlot Company

Boxlot

theglobe

theglobe.com, Inc.

March ___, 1999

March ___, 1999

"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.

This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.

This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to conflict of laws principles. Both parties submit to personal jurisdiction in New York and further agree that any cause of action arising under this Agreement shall be brought in a court in New York City, NY.

All Users shall be treated at least as favorable in all respects (including without limitation with respect to pricing, quality of service, and customer support responsiveness) as Boxlot treats users of the Boxlot Site.

By providing written notice, theglobe may terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion if one of the following companies (or their subsidiaries) does an "Ownership Change Event": Lycos, Yahoo (including GeoCities, which shall be included even if their proposed merger does not occur), Xoom, Fortune City, Excite, Go Network (including Disney and Infoseek), Snap! (including NBC) and AOL.

An "Ownership Change Event" means: (x) the acquisition of 50% or more of Boxlot's equity or voting interests; (y) a merger or consolidation of Boxlot; or (z) the sale, exchange or transfer of all or substantially all of Boxlot's assets related to the Service.

Neither party may assign its rights or delegate its duties hereunder (except to an affiliated company, or to a successor in interest in the event of a merger, sale of assets of the business to which this Agreement is related, or consolidation) without the other party's prior written consent, and any purported attempt to do so is null and void.

theglobe shall pay Boxlot *** of Net Revenues.

Boxlot shall retain *** of the transaction revenues      it generates from operation of the Service.

theglobe shall provide a minimum of *** impressions per month of promotion for auctions on the Co-Branded Pages (including without limitation any of the foregoing).

Maintenance is defined as scheduled Service outages for Service maintenance or upgrades of which theglobe is notified at least 48 hours in advance, so long as such outages are scheduled for low-usage time periods and do not exceed a total of 20 hours in any 30 day period.

The mean response time for server response to access the Service shall not exceed more than 6 seconds during any 1 hour period.

Throughout the term, Boxlot shall have an agreement in place with its Internet connectivity provider which requires such provider to automatically increase bandwidth capacity if such capacity exceeds 25% utilization.

If the Domain Name is deemed a combination mark, neither party shall use the Domain Name for any purpose except as expressly provided herein or attempt to register the Domain Name, and the parties will jointly cooperate on any enforcement action of infringement of the Domain Name.

theglobe hereby grants to Boxlot a nonexclusive license to use such code solely to permit theglobe or its designee to serve ads in connection with the Co-Branded Pages.

Subject to the approval process in Section 2, theglobe hereby grants to Boxlot a non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, create derivative works of (only as necessary to build Co- Branded Pages), publicly display, publicly perform and digitally perform the Page Templates on Co-Branded Pages.

Boxlot hereby grants to theglobe a non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, create derivative works of (only as necessary to build pages in a manner consistent with this Agreement), publicly display, publicly perform and digitally perform Boxlot Banners, and those elements of the Boxlot Content served from theglobe's servers (as denoted in Exhibit A), on theglobe Site or otherwise as reasonably appropriate to advertise and promote the Service and the Co-Branded Pages.

Boxlot hereby grants to theglobe a non-exclusive license to use the Boxlot Marks (including the Domain Name if applicable) to advertise

and promote the Service.

theglobe hereby grants to Boxlot a non-exclusive license to use theglobe Marks (including the Domain Name if applicable) on the Co-Branded Pages.

Boxlot shall grant to theglobe registration rights for such options and any shares of common stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of such options (including without limitation, two demand registration rights and unlimited piggyback registration rights) on Form S-1, Form S-3 or such other form as may be applicable pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 as amended.

Once every 12 months, the party receiving payment or its designee may inspect such records to verify reports.

EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A CLAIM UNDER SECTION 10 OR FAILURE TO PAY UNDER SECTION 6, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE

OTHER PARTY IN AN AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE AMOUNT BOXLOT ACTUALLY PAYS TO THEGLOBE HEREUNDER.

EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A CLAIM UNDER SECTION 10 OR FAILURE TO PAY UNDER SECTION 6, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE

OTHER PARTY IN AN AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE AMOUNT BOXLOT ACTUALLY PAYS TO THEGLOBE HEREUNDER.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING

NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF THE PARTIES ARE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

Snap Technologies, Inc.

Snap

United Airlines, Inc.

Sponsor

June 8, 1999

The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.

The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California without reference to its choice of law rules.

During the Term, Snap will not grant any third party any right to sponsor any products or services in the Exclusive Category on or through the Snap Web Site.

For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge that the foregoing restriction applies only to persistent sponsorship placement as judged by Sponsor at its discretion, and not to run-of-site banner advertisements or other rotating promotional placements.

For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge that the foregoing restriction applies only to persistent sponsorship placement as judged by Sponsor at its discretion, and not to run-of-site banner advertisements or other rotating promotional placements.

between the parties is not executed within thirty (30) days following delivery, of such notice to Snap, Snap shall be free thereafter to enter into an such an agreement with any third party.

In the event of termination or expiration of this Agreement for other than a material breach of this Agreement by Sponsor, upon notice from Sponsor delivered to Snap at least forty-five (45) days prior to such expiration or termination, Snap shall negotiate in good faith an agreement providing Sponsor with sponsorship rights similar to those described herein on terms and conditions to be mutually agreed upon by the parties. In the event that an agreement

Neither party may assign this Agreement or any of its rights or delegate any of its duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party, not to be unreasonably withheld; except that either party may, without the other party's consent, assign this Agreement or any of its rights or delegate any of its duties under this Agreement: (a) to any corporate affiliate of such party; or (b) to any purchaser of all or substantially all of such party's assets or to any successor by way of merger, consolidation or similar transaction.

Subject to Section 2.4  [APPROVAL OF TRADEMARK USAGE], Sponsor hereby grants Snap a non-exclusive, revocable nontransferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to: (a) use, reproduce, publish, perform and display the Sponsor Marks and Sponsor Brand Features on the Co-Branded Pages; (b) link to the Sponsor Web Site from the Co-Branded Pages and/or the Snap Web Site that contains the Co-Branded Pages and (c) use, reproduce, publish, perform, and display the

Sponsor Content in and on the Co-Branded Pages.

Subject to Section 2.4  [APPROVAL OF TRADEMARK USAGE], Snap hereby grants Sponsor a non-exclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to (a) use, reproduce, publish, perform and display the Snap Marks and Snap Brand Features on the Sponsor Web Site in connection with the logo link contemplated by Section 2.l, and in connection with its promotional and marketing activities contemplated by Section 2.5  [PROMOTION OF SNAP SERVICES] and (b) use, reproduce, publish, perform and display the Snap Content on the Sponsor Web Site or other Sponsor properties as mutually agreed by the parties.

Subject to Section 2.4  [APPROVAL OF TRADEMARK USAGE], Sponsor hereby grants Snap a non-exclusive, revocable nontransferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to: (a) use, reproduce, publish, perform and display the Sponsor Marks and Sponsor Brand Features on the Co-Branded Pages; (b) link to the Sponsor Web Site from the Co-Branded Pages and/or the Snap Web Site that contains the Co-Branded Pages and (c) use, reproduce, publish, perform, and display the

Sponsor Content in and on the Co-Branded Pages.

Subject to Section 2.4  [APPROVAL OF TRADEMARK USAGE], Snap hereby grants Sponsor a non-exclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to (a) use, reproduce, publish, perform and display the Snap Marks and Snap Brand Features on the Sponsor Web Site in connection with the logo link contemplated by Section 2.l, and in connection with its promotional and marketing activities contemplated by Section 2.5  [PROMOTION OF SNAP SERVICES] and (b) use, reproduce, publish, perform and display the Snap Content on the Sponsor Web Site or other Sponsor properties as mutually agreed by the parties.

NEITHER PARTY WILL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR, AND EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES AND DISCLAIMS, ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF ACTION AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE, RELATING TO ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, IN EACH CASE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY BREACH HEREOF) OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

SERVICES AGREEMENT

Operating Company

The above-named entities are sometimes referred to in this Agreement (as defined herein) each as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

TLP Management Services, LLC

TransMontaigne Management Company, LLC

EmployeeCo

August __, 2019

August __, 2019

This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.

This Agreement shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the State of Colorado, excluding any conflicts-of-law rule or principle that might refer the construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the laws of another state.

This Agreement may be terminated by (a) the written agreement of the Parties or (b) by either Party upon 5 days written notice to the other Party.

No Party shall have the right to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the consent of the other Parties hereto; provided, however, that either party hereto may make a collateral assignment of this Agreement solely to secure working capital financing for such party.

Strategic Alliance Agreement

VET TECH

Cool Technologies Inc..

COOL TECH

VETERAN TECHNOLOGY GROUP, LLC

26t h day of May, 2017

26t h day of May, 2017

This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.

This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive one year periods unless either party gives written notice of termination to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of expiration.

This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive one year periods unless either party gives written notice of termination to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of expiration.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri.

COOL TECH and VET TECH agree not to engage in any attempt whatsoever, to hire, or to engage as independent contractors, the other's employees or independent contractors during the term of this Agreement and for a period of six (6) months following expiration or termination of this Agreement except as may be mutually agreed in writing.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall be earlier terminated (x) by mutual agreement of the parties, or (y) at any time upon sixty (60) days advance written notice to the other party.

Neither party shall assign or delegate this Agreement or any rights, duties or obligations hereunder to any other person and/or entity without prior express written approval of the other party.

AGENCY AGREEMENT

Sandler O'Neill & Partners, L.P.

Greater Delaware Valley Savings Bank d/b/a Alliance Bank

Greater Delaware Valley Holdings

PA MHC

Alliance Mutual Holding Company

Alliance Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania

Sandler O'Neill

Bank

Agent

Company

Federal MHC

November ___, 2006

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in said State without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.

If any of the Securities remain available after the expiration of the Offerings, the Company agrees to offer the Agent the first right to act as lead managing underwriter for the Public Offering.

(b) With respect to any Securities sold by a National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD") member firm (other than Sandler O'Neill) in the Syndicated Community Offering, (i) the compensation payable to Selected Dealers, (ii) any sponsoring dealer's fees; and (iii) a management fee to Sandler O'Neill of one percent (1.0 %) of the aggregate purchase price of the Securities sold in the Syndicated Community Offering.

In addition to the reimbursement of the expenses specified in Section 4 hereof, the Agent will receive the following compensation for its services hereunder:

Any fees payable to Sandler O'Neill for Securities sold by Sandler O'Neill under any such agreement shall be limited to an aggregate of six percent (6.0 %) of the purchase price of the Securities sold by Sandler O'Neill and other NASD member firms.

If at least the total minimum of Securities, as set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus, are sold, the Company agrees to issue or have issued the Securities sold and to release for delivery certificates for such Securities at the Closing Time against payment therefor by release of funds from the special interest-bearing accounts referred to above.

In the event the Company is unable to sell at least the total minimum of the Securities, as set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus, within the period herein provided, this Agreement shall terminate and the Company shall refund to any persons who have subscribed for any of the Securities the full amount which it may have received from them, together with interest as provided in the Prospectus, and no party to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the others hereunder, except for the obligations of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank as set forth in Sections 4, 6(a) and 7 hereof and the obligations of the Agent as provided in Sections 6(b) and 7 hereof.

During the period ending on the third anniversary of the expiration of the fiscal year during which the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby occurs, the Company will furnish to its stockholders as soon as practicable after the end of each such fiscal year an annual report (including consolidated statements of financial condition and consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows, certified by independent public accountants) and, as soon as practicable after the end of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year (beginning with the fiscal quarter ending after the effective date of the Registration Statement), the Company will make available to its stockholders consolidated summary financial information of the Company and the Bank for such quarter in reasonable detail. In addition, such annual report and quarterly consolidated summary financial information shall be made public through the issuance of appropriate press releases at the same time or prior to the time of the furnishing thereof to stockholders of the Company.

During the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the fifth anniversary of the Closing Time or the date on which the Agent receives full payment in satisfaction of any claim for indemnification or contribution to which it may be entitled pursuant to Sections 6 or 7, respectively, none of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank shall, without the prior written consent of the Agent, take or permit to be taken any action that could result in the Bank Common Stock becoming subject to any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien or encumbrance.

During the period ending on the fifth anniversary of the expiration of the fiscal year during which the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby occurs, the Company will furnish to the Agent (i) as soon as publicly available, a copy of each report or other document of the Company furnished generally to stockholders of the Company or furnished to or filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act or any national securities exchange or system on which any class of securities of the Company is listed, and (ii) from time to time, such other information concerning the Company as the Agent may reasonably request.

The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each Subsidiary carries, or is covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is adequate for the conduct of their respective businesses and the value for their respective properties as is customary for companies engaged in similar industries.

PRODUCT SALE AND MARKETING AGREEMENT

XSPA

Calm

Each of Calm and XSPA may be referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

XpresSpa Group, Inc.

Calm.com, Inc.,

12th day of November, 2018

12th day of November, 2018

Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section 12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").

Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive terms of six (6) months (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless written notice is given by either Party no later than thirty (30) days in advance of the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Renewal Term.

Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive terms of six (6) months (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless written notice is given by either Party no later than thirty (30) days in advance of the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Renewal Term.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York.

Throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, neither Calm nor any of its affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, sell, offer for sale, market or promote any digital meditation or digital sleep products in any retail location located in an airport other than in collaboration with XSPA, without the express prior written consent of XSPA.

Throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, neither XSPA nor any of its affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, sell, offer for sale, market or promote any digital meditation or digital sleep products (other than the Products), including online or in any Store in the Territory, without the express prior written consent of Calm.

Throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, neither Calm nor any of its affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, sell, offer for sale, market or promote any digital meditation or digital sleep products in any retail location located in an airport other than in collaboration with XSPA, without the express prior written consent of XSPA.

Throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, neither XSPA nor any of its affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, sell, offer for sale, market or promote any digital meditation or digital sleep products (other than the Products), including online or in any Store in the Territory, without the express prior written consent of Calm.

If Calm does not exercise its ROFR within the ROFR Period, XSPA may enter into such agreement or arrangement with respect to the applicable region and/or Stores set forth in the ROFR Notice with any third party; provided that, such agreement or arrangement are on the same terms offered to Calm (it being understood that in the event XSPA modifies such terms, XSPA shall provide a new ROFR Notice to Calm in accordance with this Section 3.02).

XSPA shall give prompt written notice to Calm each time it offers, proposes to offer, or has received an offer to enter into any agreement or arrangement under which XSPA or any of its affiliates would sell, offer for sale, market, promote or undertake any similar action with respect to any meditation or sleep digital products or similar products at any Store outside the Territory (each, a "ROFR Notice").

If Calm exercises its ROFR within the ROFR Period, the Parties shall enter into an amendment or addendum to this Agreement to include such additional region and/or Stores.

Calm shall have thirty (30) business days (the "ROFR Period") from receipt of a ROFR Notice to exercise its ROFR with respect to the region and/or Stores described in the ROFR Notice.

Throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, Calm shall have a right of first refusal to expand the rights and obligations described in this Agreement to any Stores outside the Territory (the "ROFR").

Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns; provided, however, Calm may, without the prior written consent of XSPA, assign or otherwise transfer its rights and obligations to an affiliate of Calm or the acquirer of all or substantially all of the assets of Calm; provided, however, that the prior written consent of XSPA shall be required in connection with the assignment to an acquirer of all or substantially all of the assets of Calm if such acquirer's primary business is an airport-based provider of spa services.

Neither Party shall assign or transfer this Agreement or its rights hereunder without first obtaining the consent of the other, in writing, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed.

Calm shall pay to XSPA on a monthly basis a retail commission of $20.00 for each sale of Calm digital product subscriptions (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any free trial subscriptions) that result from XSPA's distribution of Inserts and a customer's use of the unique promotional discount code set forth therein in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein (it being understood that XSPA shall ensure fifty percent (50%) of each such commission shall be distributed to the applicable Store's retail employees or contractors via a pool or other format as mutually agreed to by the Parties).

XSPA shall pay to Calm on a monthly basis an amount equal to (i) fifty percent (50%) of the Retail Price for all Products sold in the Stores in the Territory during the applicable month minus (ii) fifty percent (50%) of any commission actually paid or payable to XSPA employee(s) or contractor(s) attributable to sales of such Products during such month; provided that in no event shall such commission be greater than fifteen percent (15%) of the Retail Price for the applicable Product.

Calm shall have the right, but not the obligation, to hire personnel of its choosing to be present in any Store(s) to assist in the display, marketing, promotion, offer for sale and sale of Products, provided, however, that no more than one such person shall be present at any one time in any store without the prior written consent of XSPA.

In addition to the Products, Calm shall have the right to identify up to five (5) additional products, with such products and the price thereof to be mutually agreed by the Parties, to be displayed, marketed, promoted, offered for sale and sold in the Stores in the Territory.

If any Product Collateral IP (or any aspect thereof) are not designed and/or created by Calm, such Product Collateral IP (or aspect thereof) shall be deemed "works made for hire" for Calm within the meaning of the U.S. Copyright Law and/or other applicable comparable laws or, if they do not so qualify, all ownership rights thereto shall be, and are hereby, assigned to Calm.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, XSPA hereby grants to Calm, solely during the Term and in the Territory, a revocable (as set forth in Section 12.04), royalty-free, assignable (solely as set forth in Section 16.05), non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 9.03), non-exclusive license to use the marks set forth on Exhibit E ("XSPA's Marks", and together with Calm's Marks, the "Marks"), solely to the extent necessary for Calm to exercise its rights or perform its obligations set forth in this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Calm hereby grants to XSPA, solely during the Term and in the Territory, a revocable (as set forth in Section 12.04), royalty-free, assignable (solely as set forth in Section 16.05), non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 9.03), non-exclusive license to use the marks set forth on Exhibit D ("Calm's Marks"), solely to the extent necessary for XSPA to exercise its rights or perform its obligations set forth in this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, XSPA hereby grants to Calm, solely during the Term and in the Territory, a revocable (as set forth in Section 12.04), royalty-free, assignable (solely as set forth in Section 16.05), non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 9.03), non-exclusive license to use the marks set forth on Exhibit E ("XSPA's Marks", and together with Calm's Marks, the "Marks"), solely to the extent necessary for Calm to exercise its rights or perform its obligations set forth in this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Calm hereby grants to XSPA, solely during the Term and in the Territory, a revocable (as set forth in Section 12.04), royalty-free, assignable (solely as set forth in Section 16.05), non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 9.03), non-exclusive license to use the marks set forth on Exhibit D ("Calm's Marks"), solely to the extent necessary for XSPA to exercise its rights or perform its obligations set forth in this Agreement.

If any such insurance is on a "claims made" basis, XSPA shall maintain coverage thereunder for a period of at least two (2) years following the termination of this Agreement.

Throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, Calm shall have a right of first refusal to expand the rights and obligations described in this Agreement to any Stores outside the Territory (the "ROFR").

Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Calm (at its sole expense) may engage a third party to audit XSPA's inventory of any and all Product Collateral then on hand at each Store and XSPA shall promptly return or dispose of such inventory as instructed by Calm at Calm's sole expense.

In addition, if Calm does not provide XSPA with instructions within twenty (20) days of the termination or expiration of this Agreement, XSPA shall be permitted to dispose of any inventory of any and all Product Collateral then on hand at each Store.

After completion of any inspection or audit pursuant to this Section 8.02, XSPA shall notify Calm of the results of such inspection and audit (the "Calm Audit Results").

Upon receipt of such information, Calm shall have thirty (30) days (the "Calm Review Period") to review the Calm Audit Results.

Calm's representatives may, from time to time during regular business hours on reasonable advance notice, during the Term of this Agreement and for a period of six (6) months thereafter, inspect and audit such books and records and examine and copy all other documents and material in the possession or under the control of XSPA with respect to the subject matter and the terms of this Agreement.

Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Calm (at its sole expense) may engage a third party to audit XSPA's inventory of any and all Product Collateral then on hand at each Store and XSPA shall promptly return or dispose of such inventory as instructed by Calm at Calm's sole expense.

XSPA's representatives may, from time to time during regular business hours on reasonable advance notice, during the Term of this Agreement and for a period of six (6) months thereafter, inspect and audit such books and records and examine and copy all other documents and material in the possession or under the control of Calm with respect to the subject matter and the terms of this Agreement.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO EACH PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, (A) UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE), SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY OR OTHER SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT; AND (B) THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED $2,000,000.00 (EXCLUDING ANY AMOUNTS DUE AND PAYABLE PURSUANT TO SECTION 8 HEREUNDER).

The certificates shall provide that Calm will be given at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of cancellation or any material change in these policies.

The foregoing insurance policies shall name XSPA as the insured and Calm as additional insured (except for Workers' Compensation Insurance).

With respect to the foregoing, XSPA shall provide to Calm certificate(s) evidencing such insurance prior to or upon execution of this Agreement.

If any such insurance is on a "claims made" basis, XSPA shall maintain coverage thereunder for a period of at least two (2) years following the termination of this Agreement.

In no event shall any insurer have a Best's Insurance rating of less than (A-) of class size VII.

XSPA shall obtain, and thereafter maintain during the Term, the following insurance: (a) Special form property policy covering all stock on premises of the Store, including with respect to all Product Collateral; (b) Workers' Compensation Insurance in the statutorily required amount (or XSPA shall participate in the appropriate state fund if such insurance is not available or allowed), together with Employer's Liability Insurance with a limit of $1,000,000 for each accident; and (c) Commercial General Liability insurance, (including fire liability, contractual liability, personal injury, product liability and completed operations coverage) in the amount of not less than $3,000,000 combined single limit with umbrella liability coverage with a limit of not less than $10,000,000;

Neither Party shall do or cause to be done any act or thing that may in any way adversely affect any rights of the other Party in and to such other Party's Marks or any registrations thereof or that, directly or indirectly, may reduce the value of such Marks or detract from any Mark's reputation, including challenging the ownership, validity or enforceability of such Marks.

AMENDMENT NO. 1

MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT

Premier

Premier Nutrition Corporation

Heritage

Stremick's Heritage Foods, LLC

June 11, 2018

June 11, 2018

During the Term of this Agreement, Premier shall be required to purchase a Minimum Annual Order Volume ("MAOV") of [***] ("Units") for the twelve-month period commencing July 1, 2018 and ending June 30, 2019.

CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

Licensor

YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS, INC.

Beijing Sun Seven Stars Culture Development Limited

Licensee

December 21, 2015

December 21, 2015

The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles.

If, during the Term, Licensor develops or obtains the rights to license any live action or animated feature-length motion picture (each an "Additional Title"), Licensor shall give Licensee the first right of negotiation for each Additional Title (i.e., the preferred vendor).

Should Licensee agree to be the vendor for an Additional Title, Licensor and Licensee will negotiate in good faith to mutually agree upon the pricing and terms for each Additional Title in an amendment to this Agreement.

Licensor will promptly provide written notice to Licensee in which Licensor lists each Additional Title.

Licensee shall have the right to assign or sublicense any or all of its rights granted under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to third parties exhibiting the Titles in the ordinary course of Licensee's business with prior written notice to Licensor and subject to the applicable limitations (if any) in Section 2(a)(i) [License Grant]

Except as otherwise specified in the previous sentence, Licensee may not sublicense any of its rights under Section 2(a) [License Grant] without Licensor's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Neither party may assign its rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement to any third party in whole or in part, without the other party's prior written consent, except that (i) Licensee may assign its rights and obligations to this Agreement to any of its Affiliate or subsidiaries with the prior written consent of the Licensor, and (ii) Licensor may assign its rights and obligations in this Agreement to its Affiliates or subsidiaries and either party may assign this Agreement in its entirety to any purchaser of all or substantially all of its business or assets pertaining to the line of business to which this Agreement relates or to any Affiliate of the party without the other party's approval.

For content listed in Schedule A6 of Schedule A (each a "Project"), Licensor will only grant Licensee certain profit participation rights, for certain durations, as detailed and set forth in Schedule A6 of Schedule A.

The consideration for the licenses granted by Licensor to Licensee under this Agreement is the issuance of the IP Common Shares as defined in the Amended and Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2015, by and among the Licensee and the Licensor (the "Share Consideration").

Licensor hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive license to use the logos, trademarks and service marks used by Licensor to identify the Titles (collectively, "Licensor Marks") in connection with the use of the Titles as set forth in this Agreement.

Limitations on Rights Granted: the following distribution methods are permitted: non-theatrical, public video, ship and hotel rights (all not earlier than the US theatrical release); home video rental, home video sell through, and commercial video rights (all not earlier than the US video release); cable TV (pay & free), terrestrial TV (pay & free), satellite pay TV; internet TV (pay & free), residential and non-residential pay-per-view, residential and non-residential internet pay-per-view, VOD, near VOD, and internet VOD (all no earlier than the corresponding exploitation in the USA).

2) For Titles listed in Schedule A3:

For "": No satellite TV broadcasting rights granted. Titles other than " ", "" ,  "", " "  (192 )," ", " ", and "" cannot be edited in any way;

3) For Titles listed in Schedule A4:

Other than the versions (dubbed or translated) in which the Titles in Schedule A4 already exist in (and were delivered in), no further dubbing, translation, or editing may be performed by any party on Schedule A4's Titles.

In exchange for the Share Consideration, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual and non-perpetual license (subject to the duration and scope, and format limitations for which Licensor has the rights to each Title as specified in Schedule A1-A6 of Schedule A) to:

i. license, exhibit, distribute, reproduce, transmit, perform, display, and otherwise exploit and make available each Title within the Territory in any language by VOD (including SVOD, TVOD, AVOD and free VOD) for Internet, TV and mobile platforms (including, but not limited to, OTT streaming services, Sites and Mobile Sites), subject to these limitations for each of the Title in Schedule A1-A6:

1) For Titles listed in Schedule A1-A2:

Licensor can only grant Licensee distribution rights to up to six (6) MSOs plus two (2) of China's Internet TV license holders or their OTT Internet-based video partners by VOD (including SVOD, TVOD, AVOD and free VOD). China's current Internet TV license holders include: CNTV (/), BesTV (), Wasu (), Southern Media Cooperation (), Hunan TV ( TV), China National Radio/Galaxy Internet TV (GITV) (), and China Radio International ( );

copy and dub the Titles, and authorize any person to do the foregoing Licensee shall also have the right to make (or have made on its behalf) translations of the Titles with prior written approval by Licensor and subject to the applicable limitations (if any) in Section 2(a)(i) [License Grant];

iii. promote each Title in any manner or media, including, without limitation, the right to use and license others to use Licensor's name, the title of, trailers created for and excerpts from such Title (including but not limited to audio portions only), Materials and the name, voice and likeness of and any biographical material concerning all persons appearing in or connected with such Title for the purpose of advertising, promoting and/or publicizing such Title, Licensee and the program service on which the Title is exhibited subject to the applicable limitations (if any) in Section 2(a)(i) [License Grant] ;

iv. use the Titles for (i) audience and marketing testing, (ii) sponsor/advertiser screening, and (iii) reference and file purposes, subject to the applicable limitations (if any) in Section 2(a)(i) [License Grant]; and

v. include Licensee's name, trademark and logo in the Titles to identify Licensee as the exhibitor of the Titles.

2) For Titles listed in Schedule A3:

For "": No satellite TV broadcasting rights granted. Titles other than " ", "" ,  "", " "  (192 )," ", " ", and "" cannot be edited in any way;

3) For Titles listed in Schedule A4:

Other than the versions (dubbed or translated) in which the Titles in Schedule A4 already exist in (and were delivered in), no further dubbing, translation, or editing may be performed by any party on Schedule A4's Titles.

4) For Titles listed in Schedule A5 (except "Summer in February"):

Limitations on Rights Granted: the following distribution methods are permitted: non-theatrical, public video, ship and hotel rights (all not earlier than the US theatrical release); home video rental, home video sell through, and commercial video rights (all not earlier than the US video release); cable TV (pay & free), terrestrial TV (pay & free), satellite pay TV; internet TV (pay & free), residential and non-residential pay-per-view, residential and non-residential internet pay-per-view, VOD, near VOD, and internet VOD (all no earlier than the corresponding exploitation in the USA).

In exchange for the Share Consideration, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual and non-perpetual license (subject to the duration and scope, and format limitations for which Licensor has the rights to each Title as specified in Schedule A1-A6 of Schedule A) to:

i. license, exhibit, distribute, reproduce, transmit, perform, display, and otherwise exploit and make available each Title within the Territory in any language by VOD (including SVOD, TVOD, AVOD and free VOD) for Internet, TV and mobile platforms (including, but not limited to, OTT streaming services, Sites and Mobile Sites), subject to these limitations for each of the Title in Schedule A1-A6:

1) For Titles listed in Schedule A1-A2:

Licensor can only grant Licensee distribution rights to up to six (6) MSOs plus two (2) of China's Internet TV license holders or their OTT Internet-based video partners by VOD (including SVOD, TVOD, AVOD and free VOD). China's current Internet TV license holders include: CNTV (/), BesTV (), Wasu (), Southern Media Cooperation (), Hunan TV ( TV), China National Radio/Galaxy Internet TV (GITV) (), and China Radio International ( );

Sections 2(a) [License Grant], 2(b) [Sublicensing], 2(c) [Display of Titles], 2(d) [Removal of Titles], 3, and 11 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement: (i) in perpetuity with respect to Titles for which the licenses granted in Section 2(a) [License Grant] are perpetual; and (ii) for the duration of the applicable license term specified in Schedule A with respect to Titles for which the license term specified in Schedule A extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

Until one (1) year after the expiration of the Profit Participation of each Project, the books and records will be available for inspection by a certified accounting firm or CPA once per year upon reasonable advance notice.

EXCEPT FOR THE ABOVE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS AND FOR BREACHES OF SECTION 14, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS), WHETHER IN AN ACTION OR ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT FOR THE ABOVE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS AND FOR BREACHES OF SECTION 14, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS), WHETHER IN AN ACTION OR ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

Bioamber

Bioamber S.A.S.

Cargill

Bioamber and Cargill shall be referred to individually as "Party" and collectively as "Parties"

Cargill, Incorporated

April 15 , 2010

April 15 , 2010

This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section  10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").

This Development Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota,  United States of America, disregarding its conflicts of law rules.

This restriction shall apply to any succinic acid biocatalyst other than E. coli,  be it a biocatalyst developed in-house, licensed-in, or under development at a third party lab that is funded by Bioamber or to which  Bioamber has secured a future right or right of first refusal through direct payment, in kind contribution, grant, gift, differed payment or  commitment to a future payment.

Bioamber will not itself or with or through third parties engage in the development of biocatalysts  other than E. coli for the production of succinic acid or salts thereof, except for the development activities under the terms and conditions  of this Development Agreement.

Cargill hereby grants Bioamber, and Bioamber hereby accepts, an exclusive, royalty-free license to Cargill Improvements and Joint  Improvements for use in the Field during the term of this Development Agreement with a reservation of right for Cargill to practice  such Cargill Improvements and Joint Improvements for use in the field of succinic acid and salts thereof during the term of this  Development Agreement.

Bioamber hereby grants Cargill, and Cargill hereby accepts, an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license with an unlimited right to  sublicense under and to Bioamber Improvements for use outside the Field during the term of this Development Agreement

Notwithstanding the above,  Bioamber shall be permitted to evaluate other biocatalysts, but shall not undertake development of such biocatalysts.

Cargill shall have the first option to prepare, file, prosecute, and maintain patent applications and issued/granted patents on  Bioamber Improvements and Joint Improvements, which option may be waived in whole or in part.

Neither Party shall assign this Development Agreement or the obligations contained herein without the express written  consent of the other Party.

In the event Milestone 3 is achieved, Cargill will provide up to [***] to assist in a successful transfer of the Modified  CB1 technology to Bioamber in order to allow subsequent scale-up at the same FTE rate set forth in Section 2.2.

In addition to the payment in Section 2.1, Bioamber shall pay Cargill a total of [***] U.S. Dollars ($[***] per year per full-time equivalent  (FTE) person to perform the Work Plan, and Cargill will make available up to [***] FTE persons per year to perform the work as outlined in  the Work Plan.

In the  event it is not clear as to ownership of any Improvement as described in this Section 5.2, in other words, if it is not clear whether an  invention or discovery is either a Bioamber Improvement or a Cargill Improvement, such Improvement shall be [***] and such Improvement  shall be designated "Joint Improvements".

Cargill hereby grants Bioamber, and Bioamber hereby accepts, an exclusive, royalty-free license to Cargill Improvements and Joint  Improvements for use in the Field during the term of this Development Agreement with a reservation of right for Cargill to practice  such Cargill Improvements and Joint Improvements for use in the field of succinic acid and salts thereof during the term of this  Development Agreement.

Bioamber hereby grants Cargill, and Cargill hereby accepts, an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license with an unlimited right to  sublicense under and to Bioamber Improvements for use outside the Field during the term of this Development Agreement.

In the event Cargill (i) is unable to achieve a given milestone described in Section 2.3 by the Target Date, or (ii)  terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.2, Bioamber shall have the option to obtain a license during the term of this Development  Agreement to the patent applications and patents listed in Exhibit B (including any continuations, continued prosecutions, continuations- in-part, reissues, reexaminations, divisions or substitutions thereof) (collectively "Licensed Patents"), the tool kit listed in Exhibit C  ("Licensed Tool Kit"), and Cargill Improvements if any (as defined in Section 5.2 below), for research use only and for additional monetary  consideration ("Research License").

Cargill shall also grant a commercial license to Bioamber for Cargill Improvements and Joint Improvements under the terms  and conditions of Exhibit D.

Bioamber hereby grants Cargill, and Cargill hereby accepts, an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license with an unlimited right to  sublicense under and to Bioamber Improvements for use outside the Field during the term of this Development Agreement.

The Research License shall be provided to Bioamber only, with no rights  to sublicense and with no "have made" rights.

Bioamber hereby grants Cargill, and Cargill hereby accepts, an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license with an unlimited right to  sublicense under and to Bioamber Improvements for use outside the Field during the term of this Development Agreement. Such  use shall be for research purposes only.

Bioamber shall have the right to audit Cargill time sheets from time to time.

Such audit shall occur once per year  during reasonable business hours by an independent third party agreed to by both parties, who shall be under obligations of  confidentiality.

Bioamber and Cargill agree to waive any and all claims against each other for consequential, punitive, incidental, special, or  other forms of "exemplary" losses whether arising in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence), strict liability, or otherwise, including  any losses relating to lost use, lost profits, lost business, damage to reputation, or lost or diminished financing unless such claims are  based on a Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

Split-Dollar Endorsement Agreement

Jeffrey Hanuscin

"Employer")

Prudential Bank

Employee

1st day of June, 2017

WHEREAS, it is now understood and agreed that this split-dollar agreement is to be effective as of the date first listed above;

1st day of June, 2017

This Agreement sets forth the entire Agreement of the parties hereto, and any and all prior agreements, to the extent inconsistent herewith, are hereby superseded. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania.

This Agreement may be terminated at any time while the Employee is living by written notice thereof by either the Employer or the Employee to the other; and, in any event, this Agreement will terminate upon termination of the Employee's employment.

Upon the death of the Employee, proceeds shall be paid in one sum to the Owner, its successors or assigns, to the extent of its interest in the Policy as described in the Agreement.

Upon the death of the Employee while this Agreement is in force, the Employee's beneficiary as named in the Beneficiary Designation Form on page 6 (or as it may be amended according to the terms set forth on page 6) for this Agreement will be entitled to receive from the Policy proceeds an amount equal to the lesser of: (a) (two (2) times the Employee's annualized base salary at the time of death as provided by the Employer's payroll department) plus $100,000, reduced by any amount payable under the Employer's group term life insurance plan, or (b) the Net Amount At Risk.

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT

Berkeley Lights, Inc.

Ginkgo and BLI may each be referred to herein as a "Party" or, collectively, as the "Parties."

BLI

Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc.

Ginkgo

September 13th, 2019

September 13th, 2019

"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).

at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,

at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.

This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any choice of law provision.

With respect to any [***],

(ii) the per unit pricing charged by BLI to Ginkgo at any time shall be no greater than the lowest of the (A) lowest price per unit charged by BLI or its Affiliates to any similarly situated Third Party customer (i.e. taking into account [***]) for such unit at any time in the [***] ([***]) months prior to the delivery of the applicable Purchase Order by Ginkgo or (B) the then- current List Price; provided, however, that in no event shall BLI be required to charge a price less than the cost of goods sold for such unit, as determined in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

During the Term and for a period of [***] ([***]) months following the Term of this Agreement, other than pursuant to Sections 13.3.2 (Effects of Termination Based Upon Ginkgo's Buy-Down Election) or 13.3.3 (Effects of Termination Based Upon an Uncured Ginkgo Breach, Insolvency or Force Majeure Event), BLI shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly, itself or with or through a Third Party, develop, configure, customize, license, sell, provide or otherwise give access to the Beacon Platform or any [***] to, [***] or its Affiliates for any use; provided that this restriction shall terminate as set forth in Section 13.3 (Effects of Expiration or Termination) or if Ginkgo has not satisfied its Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitments (as such may be adjusted under this Agreement) for a full Contract Year, including [***] as permitted under Section 7.2.2(a) (Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitments) or Section 7.2.2(b)(iii) (Development Purchase Commitments); provided that BLI will provide written notice to Ginkgo within [***] ([***]) days of the end of any Contract Year with respect to which BLI believes that Ginkgo has not satisfied its Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment.

Except as provided in this Section 6.2.1 (Restrictions on BLI) and the scope of rights granted to

During the Term and for a period of [***] ([***]) months following the Term of this Agreement, other than pursuant to Sections 13.3.2 (Effects of Termination Based Upon Ginkgo's Buy-Down Election) or 13.3.3 (Effects of Termination Based Upon an Uncured Ginkgo Breach, Insolvency or Force Majeure Event), BLI shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly, itself or with or through a Third Party, develop, configure, customize, license, sell, provide or otherwise give access to the Beacon Platform or any [***] to, [***] or its Affiliates for any use; provided that this restriction shall terminate as set forth in Section 13.3 (Effects of Expiration or Termination) or if Ginkgo has not satisfied its Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitments (as such may be adjusted under this Agreement) for a full Contract Year, including [***] as permitted under Section 7.2.2(a) (Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitments) or Section 7.2.2(b)(iii) (Development Purchase Commitments); provided that BLI will provide written notice to Ginkgo within [***] ([***]) days of the end of any Contract Year with respect to which BLI believes that Ginkgo has not satisfied its Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment.

Ginkgo under this Agreement (including under Section 6.1 (Headstart Period) and Section 9.1 (Licenses to Ginkgo)), nothing in this Agreement shall otherwise limit, prohibit or preclude BLI from developing, configuring, customizing, licensing, selling or providing the Beacon Platform or Collaboration Workflows for itself or to a Third Party for any uses or otherwise entering into a business or advisory arrangement with any Third Party.

([***]) by the non-hiring Party in the immediately prior calendar year and, further, if the individual solicited and then hired in violation of this is a Key Person under Section 5.4.1(b) (Dedicated FTEs; Key Persons), then BLI shall have [***] ([***]) months to identify an employee as the individual to replace such Key Person and any (a) [***] or (b) [***], in each case (a)-(b), to the extent due to the absence of such Key Person performing a Workflow Development Plan upon which the Key Person was engaged, shall be deemed waived for that [***] month period.

Neither Party will, [***], directly or indirectly with or through any Person, solicit for employment any Person who is an employee of the other Party; provided, however, that general solicitation of the public for employment shall not constitute a solicitation hereunder so long as such general solicitation is not designed to target any such Person.

In the event that a Party solicits and then hires an employee of the other Party in violation of this Section 14.4 (Non-Solicit), the hiring Party shall, [***], within [***] ([***]) days of such hire, pay the other Party an amount equal to the [***] cash compensation actually paid to the individual

4.1.9 Ginkgo may elect, at any time in its sole discretion, to terminate the Software License Agreement that comprises part of the BLI Terms and Conditions and, upon such termination, Ginkgo's right to use such underlying Software shall term

With respect to Beacon Optofluidic Machines (including related Hardware and Software), Consumables and Services for which Ginkgo has placed a Purchase Order pursuant to this Agreement, the Parties agree to the BLI Terms and Conditions that apply with respect to Beacon Optofluidic Machines (including related Hardware and Software), Consumables and Services, unless, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the BLI Terms and Conditions (including any language regarding the treatment of additional or different terms set forth therein), a term in such BLI Terms and Conditions is inconsistent with a term in this Agreement, in which case this Agreement shall control, including as follows:

Except as permitted under Sections 9.2.1 and 9.2.2, BLI may not sublicense, assign or otherwise transfer the rights granted to it in this Section 9.2 (Grants to BLI) without first obtaining the prior written consent of Ginkgo[***].

Neither Party may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any rights hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided that either Party may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any rights hereunder (a) to a wholly-owned subsidiary of such Party or (b) in connection with the transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets of such Party related to the subject matter of this Agreement, whether by merger, consolidation, divestiture, restructure, sale of stock sale of assets or otherwise its successor, whether in a merger, sale of stock or sale of assets or any other transaction, in each case (a)-(b), without first obtaining the prior written consent of the other Party, so long as the non-assigning Party is notified in writing of such assignment within [***] ([***]) days following such assignment; provided further that, in no event may BLI assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any Person [***] without first obtaining Ginkgo's prior written consent.

Any purported assignment of this Agreement by a Party in contradiction to this Section 14.4 (Assignment) will be void and of no effect.

of such subcontracting Party (e.g. [***]) or (b) [***] (e.g. [***]) in order for a Party to [***].

Each Party may only subcontract its activities under this Agreement (including under a Workflow Development Plan) with the other Party's consent; provided that such consent shall not be necessary if (a) such subcontracting of activities is [***]

Each sublicense of any license granted to BLI under this Section 9.2 (Grants to BLI) will (i) be in writing, (ii) be consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and (iii) require each sublicensee thereunder to comply with all terms of this Agreement applicable to a sublicensee; provided that, subject to Section 6.2.1, such prior written consent of Ginkgo shall not be needed for any sublicense granted by BLI (a) under Section 9.2.1, to a Permitted Subcontractor of BLI under Section 2.7 (Subcontracting) to the extent such sublicense relates to the subcontracted activities, (b) any wholly-owned subsidiary of BLI existing as of the Effective Date, or (c) any other Person, including other Affiliates and any Third Party, under Section 9.2.2.

In the event that Ginkgo uses any of the BLI Proprietary Workflows identified in Exhibit D to conduct Commercial Services for a Third Party customer and such Commercial Services [***] result in the discovery of an Antibody to be used as the active ingredient in a therapeutic product for which a Third Party [***] (each such Antibody subject to this Section 7.4.2 (Milestone Payments), a "Discovered Antibody"), then, on a Discovered Antibody-by-Discovered Antibody basis, in the event such Third Party (a) achieves any of the milestone events noted below in Table 7.4.2 (each, a "Milestone Event") with respect to a Discovered Antibody and (b) makes a payment to Ginkgo in connection with such Milestone Event, then Ginkgo will pay BLI [***] percent ([***]%) of such payment received by Ginkgo from such Third Party up to the amount of the corresponding "Maximum Milestone Payment" for such milestone event set forth below in Table 7.4.2 (each, a "Milestone Payment".

If BLI has Substantially Completed at least [***] ([***]) [***] Workflows within the first [***] ([***]) Contract Years, then the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment as of the Contract Year (which may include a portion of a full Contract Year) that is the last Contract Year during the Term pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall change from $109 million (as currently reflected in Table 7.2.2) to $150 million.

During the Term and for a period of [***] ([***]) months following the Term of this Agreement, other than pursuant to Sections 13.3.2 (Effects of Termination Based Upon Ginkgo's Buy-Down Election) or 13.3.3 (Effects of Termination Based Upon an Uncured Ginkgo Breach, Insolvency or Force Majeure Event), BLI shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly, itself or with or through a Third Party, develop, configure, customize, license, sell, provide or otherwise give access to the Beacon Platform or any [***] to, [***] or its Affiliates for any use; provided that this restriction shall terminate as set forth in Section 13.3 (Effects of Expiration or Termination) or if Ginkgo has not satisfied its Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitments (as such may be adjusted under this Agreement) for a full Contract Year, including [***] as permitted under Section 7.2.2(a) (Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitments) or Section 7.2.2(b)(iii) (Development Purchase Commitments); provided that BLI will provide written notice to Ginkgo within [***] ([***]) days of the end of any Contract Year with respect to which BLI believes that Ginkgo has not satisfied its Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment.

Subject to Ginkgo's obligation to satisfy the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment for a Contract Year, with respect to the second [***] Contract Years), Ginkgo's Production Purchase Targets for the [***] Contract Years as set forth in Table 7.2.2 are [***], and the Parties expressly acknowledge and agree that [***].

Subject to this Section 6.2.2(c) (Production Purchase Commitments), unless the Parties otherwise mutually agree in writing, the Production Purchase Target for the [***] shall constitute a binding obligation on Ginkgo and, in partial satisfaction of its Production Purchase commitment for the

Subject to Section 7.2.2(a) (Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitments), unless the Parties otherwise mutually agree in writing, the Development Purchase Commitment for the [***] Contract Years shall constitute a binding obligation on Ginkgo, and, subject to Ginkgo exercising its Buy-Down Option pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election), the Development Purchase Commitment for the [***] Contract Years shall also constitute binding obligations on Ginkgo.

[***], Ginkgo shall purchase [***] ([***]) [***] within [***] ([***]) days of the Effective Date, the cost of which, for clarity, shall be offset by the upfront payment paid by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.1 (Upfront Payment).

With respect to each Contract Year, by no later than [***], Ginkgo shall have incurred (including all credits and offsets permitted under this Agreement) at least, in the aggregate since the beginning of the Term, the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment amount for such Contract Year.

Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment Contract Year 1 $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] Contract Year 2 $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] Contract Year 3 $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] Contract Year 4 $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] Contract Year 5 $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] Contract Year 6 $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] $ [***] Contract Year 7 [***] $ [***] $ [***] $ 109,000,000 Total $ [***] $ [***] $150,000,000 N/A

Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including the remainder of this Section 7.2.2 (Contract Year Purchase Targets and Commitments)), for each Contract Year, Ginkgo shall [***] make Development Purchases and Production Purchases from BLI in the amounts set forth in the

"Development Purchase Commitment" and "Production Purchase Target" columns respectively in Table 7.2.2 with respect to such Contract Year:

The Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitments for each of Contract Years [***] are binding commitments.

In the event that Ginkgo has the right to terminate this Agreement under Section 13.2.1 (Material Breach) due to a material breach of BLI to perform its supply-related obligations under this Agreement (for clarity, this shall not include (a) [***] or (b) [***], Ginkgo may elect by written notice to BLI to, instead of terminating this Agreement, keep this Agreement and, without limiting any other right or remedy under Applicable Law or this Agreement, to decrease the amount of the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment for the current and future Contract Years, as well as the Full Purchase Target, in each case in amounts reasonably mutually agreed upon by the Parties in good faith in accordance with this Section 13.4 (Rights in Lieu of Termination for BLI's Material Breach of Supply Obligations).

BLI shall not be obligated to supply in any [***] (i) a quantity of the [***] in excess of the amount designated in such [***] in the binding portion of the Rolling Forecast or (ii) a quantity of [***] that is greater than [***] percent ([***]%) of the amount designated for such item or service in such [***] in the binding portion of the Rolling Forecast (such amount, the "Maximum Amount"); provided that notwithstanding the provisions set forth in this Section 5.3.1 (Issuance) or Section 5.3.2 (Acceptance and Rejection) to the contrary, BLI shall use [***] to accept and fulfill Purchase Orders for quantities of [***] in excess of the Maximum Amount in any [***].

[***] shall designate up to [***] ([***]) BLI employees or personnel as key persons (individually, a "Key Person" and collectively, "Key Persons").

BLI shall allocate Beacon Optofluidic Machines (including related Hardware and Software), Consumables and Services in short supply to Ginkgo [***], with such [***] allocation applicable only up to the number of units of such item set forth in the binding portions of the then-current Rolling Forecast.

In no event shall Ginkgo, and Ginkgo shall cause its Affiliates to not, file any patent applications covering (or support existing patent applications covering) the [***] and, in the event Ginkgo (or its Affiliates) do file one or more of such patent applications, Ginkgo will and hereby does assign, and shall cause its employees, agents and contractors to assign, to BLI all rights, title and interests in, to and under such patent applications.

Other than as permitted under Section 8.5.2 (Use of Collaboration Data), in no event shall BLI, and BLI shall cause its Affiliates to not, file any patent applications covering (or support existing patent applications covering) [***] and, in the event that BLI (or its Affiliates) do file one or more of such patent applications, BLI will and hereby does assign, and shall cause its employees, agents and contractors to assign, to Ginkgo all rights, title and interests in, to and under such patent applications.

In the event that termination is the result of Ginkgo exercising the Buy-Down Election (including payment of the Buy-Down Amount), then, as of the effective date of termination: (a) any and all existing Headstart Periods shall immediately be deemed to have accelerated to conclusion, (b) the restrictions on BLI set forth in Section 6.2.1 (Restrictions on BLI) shall terminate; (c) the licenses granted to Ginkgo from BLI in Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants) and 9.1.2 (License Grant to Exploit [***]) shall survive and become perpetual and irrevocable; (d) the licenses granted to BLI from Ginkgo pursuant to Section 9.2 (Grants to BLI) shall survive; (e) any Licensed Products arising from Collaboration Workflows or Ginkgo Workflows developed and used by Ginkgo to good effect prior to the effective date of termination shall be [***] on any sale or transfer of such Licensed Product, (f) (i) for any Licensed Products arising from Workflows other than those set forth in subclause (e) of this Section 13.3.2 (Effects of Termination Based on Ginkgo's Buy-Down Election), Ginkgo shall pay [***] and (ii) Ginkgo shall pay [***] for as long as one or more Beacon Optofluidic Machines are in operation at Ginkgo, (g) the pricing terms for Beacon Optofluidic Machines, Consumables, and services (including Services) shall be consistent with then-current BLI List Prices, and (h) Ginkgo shall pay BLI for any amounts due for work performed by BLI under and in accordance with this Agreement prior to the effective date of termination to the extent that BLI cannot reasonably cancel or reallocate such work.

With respect to any Intellectual Property developed by BLI or its Affiliates in collaboration or on behalf of a Third Party during the Term of this Agreement that is [***] for (a) [***] or (b) [***], with respect to each, BLI and its Affiliates shall [***] to [***] that BLI or its Affiliates Control such Intellectual Property so that BLI may grant a license to Ginkgo with respect to such Intellectual Property as set forth in Section 9.1 (Grants to Ginkgo).

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and in consideration for the payments to BLI under this Agreement, during the Term, BLI, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants and shall grant to Ginkgo a non-exclusive, sublicensable (solely in accordance with Section 9.1.4 (Consent to Sublicense)), non-transferable, non-royalty-bearing (subject to Section 13.3.2 (Effects of Termination Based Upon Ginkgo Buy-Down Election)) worldwide license in, to and under (i) BLI Background IP, and (ii) other Intellectual Property that is Controlled by BLI and that is [***] BLI Inventions, with both of (i) and (ii) being limited to what is necessary for Ginkgo to [***] and (iii) the Collaboration Intellectual Property solely to:

(a) perform research [***] on biological entities, including organisms, cells and strains (and sub-components thereof);

(b) (i) design and develop (A) Collaboration Workflows as generally contemplated under a Workflow Development Plan and (B) Ginkgo Workflows as permitted under this Agreement and (ii) use [***] Workflows to conduct the activities set forth in clause (a) and clause (c) of this Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants);

(c) perform commercial research [***] and other Commercial Services for Third Parties; and

(d) in each case of clauses (a) through (c) of this Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants), the license granted is for activities solely within the Licensed Field.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Term BLI, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants and shall grant to Ginkgo a [***] license within the Licensed Field in, to and under any Intellectual Property Controlled by BLI that is necessary to make, have made, sell, have sold, import or use any [***] to make, have made, sell, have sold, import or use such [***].

For clarity and without limiting Section 8.8.1 (Non-Exclusive Manufacturing License; Covenant), the licenses granted to Ginkgo in Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants) and Section 9.1.2 (License Grant to Exploit [***]) do not include the right to make, have made, offer to sell or sell Consumables, [***], to or for Third Parties or any Ginkgo Affiliate or Ginkgo Subcontractor that are [***] on the Beacon Platform [***].

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Term, Ginkgo hereby grants and shall grant to BLI:

9.2.1 a [***] and this Section 9.2 (Grants to BLI)), [***] license in, to and under any Intellectual Property (a) Controlled by Ginkgo, (b) used by Ginkgo in the conduct of a Workflow Development Plan and (c) necessary for BLI to perform its obligations under this Agreement ((a)-(c) collectively, "Ginkgo Licensed IP"), solely to perform BLI's obligations under such Workflow Development Plan; and

To ensure that, [***], BLI shall, and hereby does, automatically grant to Ginkgo, as of the date Ginkgo purchases an aggregate of [***] ([***]) Beacon Optofluidic Machine from BLI, a non-exclusive, non-royalty bearing and sublicensable (through multiple tiers) worldwide license in any Intellectual Property Controlled by BLI that is necessary to [***], solely for Ginkgo's [***] own internal use so that Ginkgo (or its Affiliates or permitted sublicensees) may [***].

9.2.2 after any applicable Headstart Period, with respect to any [***], a [***] license in, to and under any Ginkgo Licensed IP [***] necessary for the performance of, such [***], to make, have made, offer to sell, sell, have sold, import, use, commercialize or perform such [***] to or for Third Parties and to license such Third Parties to do the same.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and in consideration for the payments to BLI under this Agreement, during the Term, BLI, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants and shall grant to Ginkgo a non-exclusive, sublicensable (solely in accordance with Section 9.1.4 (Consent to Sublicense)), non-transferable, non-royalty-bearing (subject to Section 13.3.2 (Effects of Termination Based Upon Ginkgo Buy-Down Election)) worldwide license in, to and under (i) BLI Background IP, and (ii) other Intellectual Property that is Controlled by BLI and that is [***] BLI Inventions, with both of (i) and (ii) being limited to what is necessary for Ginkgo to [***] and (iii) the Collaboration Intellectual Property solely to:

(a) perform research [***] on biological entities, including organisms, cells and strains (and sub-components thereof);

(b) (i) design and develop (A) Collaboration Workflows as generally contemplated under a Workflow Development Plan and (B) Ginkgo Workflows as permitted under this Agreement and (ii) use [***] Workflows to conduct the activities set forth in clause (a) and clause (c) of this Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants);

(c) perform commercial research [***] and other Commercial Services for Third Parties; and

(d) in each case of clauses (a) through (c) of this Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants), the license granted is for activities solely within the Licensed Field.

With respect to any Intellectual Property developed by BLI or its Affiliates in collaboration or on behalf of a Third Party during the Term of this Agreement that is [***] for (a) [***] or (b) [***], with respect to each, BLI and its Affiliates shall [***] to [***] that BLI or its Affiliates Control such Intellectual Property so that BLI may grant a license to Ginkgo with respect to such Intellectual Property as set forth in Section 9.1 (Grants to Ginkgo).

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and in consideration for the payments to BLI under this Agreement, during the Term, BLI, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants and shall grant to Ginkgo a non-exclusive, sublicensable (solely in accordance with Section 9.1.4 (Consent to Sublicense)), non-transferable, non-royalty-bearing (subject to Section 13.3.2 (Effects of Termination Based Upon Ginkgo Buy-Down Election)) worldwide license in, to and under (i) BLI Background IP, and (ii) other Intellectual Property that is Controlled by BLI and that is [***] BLI Inventions, with both of (i) and (ii) being limited to what is necessary for Ginkgo to [***] and (iii) the Collaboration Intellectual Property solely to:

(a) perform research [***] on biological entities, including organisms, cells and strains (and sub-components thereof);

(b) (i) design and develop (A) Collaboration Workflows as generally contemplated under a Workflow Development Plan and (B) Ginkgo Workflows as permitted under this Agreement and (ii) use [***] Workflows to conduct the activities set forth in clause (a) and clause (c) of this Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants);

(c) perform commercial research [***] and other Commercial Services for Third Parties; and

(d) in each case of clauses (a) through (c) of this Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants), the license granted is for activities solely within the Licensed Field.

Ginkgo may grant sublicenses of the license granted to Ginkgo under Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants) and Section 9.1.2 (License Grant to Exploit [***]) with the prior written consent of BLI[***]; provided that such prior written consent of BLI shall not be needed for any sublicense granted by Ginkgo to (a) a Permitted Subcontractor of Ginkgo under Section 2.7 (Subcontracting) to the extent such sublicense relates to the subcontracted activities, (b) any wholly-owned subsidiary of Ginkgo existing as of the Effective Date or (c) any other Person, including other Affiliates and any Third Party, under Section 9.1.2 (License Grant to Exploit [***]) so long as, in the case of this clause (c), the sublicense [***].

To ensure that, [***], BLI shall, and hereby does, automatically grant to Ginkgo, as of the date Ginkgo purchases an aggregate of [***] ([***]) Beacon Optofluidic Machine from BLI, a non-exclusive, non-royalty bearing and sublicensable (through multiple tiers) worldwide license in any Intellectual Property Controlled by BLI that is necessary to [***], solely for Ginkgo's [***] own internal use so that Ginkgo (or its Affiliates or permitted sublicensees) may [***].

Each sublicense of any license granted to BLI under this Section 9.2 (Grants to BLI) will (i) be in writing, (ii) be consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and (iii) require each sublicensee thereunder to comply with all terms of this Agreement applicable to a sublicensee; provided that, subject to Section 6.2.1, such prior written consent of Ginkgo shall not be needed for any sublicense granted by BLI (a) under Section 9.2.1, to a Permitted Subcontractor of BLI under Section 2.7 (Subcontracting) to the extent such sublicense relates to the subcontracted activities, (b) any wholly-owned subsidiary of BLI existing as of the Effective Date, or (c) any other Person, including other Affiliates and any Third Party, under Section 9.2.2.

(c) the licenses granted to Ginkgo from BLI in Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants) and 9.1.2 (License Grant to Exploit [***]) shall survive and become perpetual and irrevocable;

In the event that termination is the result of Ginkgo exercising the Buy-Down Election (including payment of the Buy-Down Amount), then, as of the effective date of termination:

In the event that termination is elected by Ginkgo based upon an Extended Force Majeure Event with respect to BLI pursuant to Section 13.2.1 (Force Majeure), then, as of the effective date of termination:

Upon Expiration of this Agreement: (i) the licenses granted to BLI from Ginkgo pursuant to Section 9.2 (Grants to BLI) and the licenses granted to Ginkgo from BLI in Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants) and 9.1.2 (License Grant to Exploit [***]) shall survive and become perpetual, irrevocable, and royalty-free, (ii) no royalties shall be payable by Ginkgo on the sale or transfer of a Licensed Product, (iii) the pricing terms for Beacon Optofluidic Machines, Consumables, and services (including Services) set forth in Section 5.2.2 (Pricing - Adjustments) shall [***], (iv) the restrictions on BLI set forth in Section 6.2.1 (Restrictions on BLI) shall survive to the extent set forth therein and (v) [***].

(c) the licenses granted to Ginkgo from BLI in Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants) and 9.1.2 (License Grant to Exploit [***]) shall survive and become perpetual, irrevocable and, subject to clause (f) of this Section 13.3.2, royalty-free;

The Parties hereby acknowledge that, if this Agreement is terminated, then, depending on the manner of termination, Ginkgo may, as more fully set forth in Section 13.3 (Effects of Termination), be required to pay royalties to BLI with respect to Licensed Product, which royalties will be in line with BLI's then-standard commercial terms. In order for Ginkgo to more fully understand the royalty that may be owed to BLI in the event this Agreement is terminated, on an annual basis, starting at the end of the [***] Contract Year, BLI will provide Ginkgo, in writing, its then-current commercial terms with respect to royalties for the Licensed Products.

The insurance policies will be under an occurrence form, but if only a claims-made form is available to a Party, then such Party will continue to maintain such insurance after Expiration or the termination of this Agreement for a period of [***] ([***]) years following the end of the Term.

Upon Expiration of this Agreement: (i) the licenses granted to BLI from Ginkgo pursuant to Section 9.2 (Grants to BLI) and the licenses granted to Ginkgo from BLI in Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants) and 9.1.2 (License Grant to Exploit [***]) shall survive and become perpetual, irrevocable, and royalty-free, (ii) no royalties shall be payable by Ginkgo on the sale or transfer of a Licensed Product, (iii) the pricing terms for Beacon Optofluidic Machines, Consumables, and services (including Services) set forth in Section 5.2.2 (Pricing - Adjustments) shall [***], (iv) the restrictions on BLI set forth in Section 6.2.1 (Restrictions on BLI) shall survive to the extent set forth therein and (v) [***].

In the event that termination is the result of Ginkgo exercising the Buy-Down Election (including payment of the Buy-Down Amount), then, as of the effective date of termination: (a) any and all existing Headstart Periods shall immediately be deemed to have accelerated to conclusion, (b) the restrictions on BLI set forth in Section 6.2.1 (Restrictions on BLI) shall terminate; (c) the licenses granted to Ginkgo from BLI in Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants) and 9.1.2 (License Grant to Exploit [***]) shall survive and become perpetual and irrevocable

The accounting firm will execute a reasonable written confidentiality agreement with the audited Party and will disclose to the auditing Party only such information as is reasonably necessary to provide the auditing Party with information regarding any actual or potential discrepancies between the amounts actually paid and the amounts payable under this Agreement.

Each Party shall have the right, during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice, to inspect all such records of the other Party, its Affiliates or Permitted Subcontractors.

Such examinations may not (a) be conducted more than once in any [***] month period (unless a previous audit during such [***] month period revealed an overpayment (or an underpayment of a Milestone Payment, FOU License Fees, or royalty for Licensed Products) of at least [***] percent ([***]%) of the amount actually due with respect to such period) or (b) [***].

At the request of the other Party, each Party will, and will cause its Affiliates to, permit an independent public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing designated by the other Party and reasonably acceptable to the audited Party, at reasonable times during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice, to audit the books and records maintained pursuant to Section 7.7 (Financial and Other Records) solely to confirm the accuracy of all financial reports, invoices and payments made hereunder or Budget spending under an approved Workflow Development Plan.

EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT ARISING (A) FROM A PARTY'S BREACH OF ARTICLE 10 (CONFIDENTIALITY), (B) [***] (E) FROM A PARTY'S FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR (F) IN CONNECTION WITH A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 12 (INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON

TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL A PARTY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY (ABOVE AMOUNTS ACTUALLY PAID OR REIMBURSED BY SUCH PARTY'S INSURER (TO THE EXTENT NOT SELF-INSURED)) FOR A CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, AND OTHERWISE EXCEED [***], EXCEPT THAT (A) SUCH LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO (I) A PARTY'S BREACH OF ARTICLE 10 (CONFIDENTIALITY), [***], (V) A PARTY'S FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR (VI) A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 12 (INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE) AND (B) SUCH LIMITATION ON LIABILITY SHALL NOT INCLUDE ANY AMOUNTS ACCRUED AND ACTUALLY OWED PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE). THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT ARISING (A) FROM A PARTY'S BREACH OF ARTICLE 10 (CONFIDENTIALITY), (B) [***] (E) FROM A PARTY'S FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR (F) IN CONNECTION WITH A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 12 (INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON

TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL A PARTY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY (ABOVE AMOUNTS ACTUALLY PAID OR REIMBURSED BY SUCH PARTY'S INSURER (TO THE EXTENT NOT SELF-INSURED)) FOR A CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, AND OTHERWISE EXCEED [***], EXCEPT THAT (A) SUCH LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO (I) A PARTY'S BREACH OF ARTICLE 10 (CONFIDENTIALITY), [***], (V) A PARTY'S FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR (VI) A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 12 (INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE) AND (B) SUCH LIMITATION ON LIABILITY SHALL NOT INCLUDE ANY AMOUNTS ACCRUED AND ACTUALLY OWED PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE). THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

([***]) by the non-hiring Party in the immediately prior calendar year and, further, if the individual solicited and then hired in violation of this is a Key Person under Section 5.4.1(b) (Dedicated FTEs; Key Persons), then BLI shall have [***] ([***]) months to identify an employee as the individual to replace such Key Person and any (a) [***] or (b) [***], in each case (a)-(b), to the extent due to the absence of such Key Person performing a Workflow Development Plan upon which the Key Person was engaged, shall be deemed waived for that [***] month period.

In the event that a Party solicits and then hires an employee of the other Party in violation of this Section 14.4 (Non-Solicit), the hiring Party shall, [***], within [***] ([***]) days of such hire, pay the other Party an amount equal to the [***] cash compensation actually paid to the individual

The types of insurance, and minimum limits will be: (i) any insurance policy that is required by any Applicable Law, including [***] and [***] policies where applicable; and (ii) [***] insurance with a minimum limit of [***] Dollars ($[***]) per occurrence and [***] Dollars ($[***]) in the aggregate. For clarity, [***].

Such insurance (i) will be primary insurance with respect to each Party's own participation under this Agreement and (ii) will be issued by a recognized insurer rated by A.M. Best "A-VII" (or its equivalent) or better, or an insurer pre-approved in writing by the other Party.

Each Party will obtain and carry in full force and effect the minimum insurance requirements set forth below.

Upon request by a Party, the other Party will provide Certificates of Insurance evidencing compliance with this Section 12.4 (Insurance). The insurance policies will be under an occurrence form, but if only a claims-made form is available to a Party, then such Party will continue to maintain such insurance after Expiration or the termination of this Agreement for a period of [***] ([***]) years following the end of the Term.

There are no Third Party beneficiaries under this Agreement, except to the extent a Third Party is indemnified pursuant to Article 12 (Indemnification; Insurance); provided that, in no event will any Third Party entitled to indemnification pursuant to Article 12 (Indemnification; Insurance) be allowed to enforce the terms thereof against a Party.

BUSINESS AFFILIATE AGREEMENT

UDC

collectively,  Business Affiliate and UDC may be referred to collectively as the "Parties" and singularly as a ("Party")

UNION DENTAL CORP.

Business Affiliate

Dr. George D. Green

January  28,  2005

October 15,  2004

This Agreement  shall become  effective on the Effective Date      and shall  continue in effect until  either  Party  informs the other Party      with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.

This Agreement  shall become  effective on the Effective Date      and shall  continue in effect until  either  Party  informs the other Party      with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.

Make available,  during normal business hours, at a Party=s offices      all records, books, agreements, policies and procedures relating to the use      and/or  disclosure  of  Confidential  Information  that is  subject to this      Agreement,  to the other  Party  within ten (10) days of a Party's  written      request,  for the purpose of  enabling a Party to verify the other  Party=s      compliance with the terms of this Agreement

Intellectual Property Rights Confidentiality and Non-Use Obligations Agreement

SQUARE TWO GOLF INC.

KATHY WHITWORTH

Recipient

Company

Recipient hereby assigns and agrees to assign all Recipient's rights in any Intellectual Property to the Company. Recipient hereby grants to the Company power of attorney for the purpose of assigning all Recipient's rights in Intellectual Property to the Company for the purposes of filings, registrations and other formalities deemed necessary by the Company to prosecute, protect, perfect or exploit its ownership and interests in Intellectual Property.

Recipient further agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver any documentation, instruments, specifications or disclosures necessary to assign, prosecute, protect, perfect or exploit the Company ownership of Intellectual Property.

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Sphere 3D Corp.

GROUPE PARAMEUS CORP

Company

Consultant

June 1st, 2020

June 1st, 2020

This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.

Without notification the contract will automatically extend for an additional month of service.

In the case that the company would not like to extend the terms of agreement for an additional month. The company must notify the consultant within 5 days of the conclusion of the 12 month term.

This Consulting Agreement shall be governed by, and construed pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, applicable to agreements made and performed wholly within such State.

Upon termination, Consultant agrees to perform the necessary information transfer required at the time.

TRANSPORTATION CONTRACT

("Shipper")

ENTERPRISE TRANSPORTATION COMPANY

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING L.P.

Carrier

June 1, 1998

June 1, 1998

This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written;

This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.

This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.

This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.

This contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, excluding any binding conflict of laws rule which might refer such construction to the laws of another state.

This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.

This contract shall not be assigned in whole or in part by either party without the prior written consent of the other, except that a party may assign this contract to a successor entity as a result of a merger or consolidation or to another entity which acquires substantially all of the assets of that party.

When for Shipper's convenience a trailer is set out at the facilities of the    Consignor or Consignee or any other site designated, a charge of $10.00 per    hour or fraction thereof will apply, subject to a maximum charge of $100.00    per trailer in any consecutive twenty-four (24) hour period.

When a vehicle or unit is ordered by a Shipper or Consignee after the vehicle    or unit has been dispatched from Carrier's terminal, a charge of one hundred    twenty-five cents (125 cents) per mile traveled, subject to a minimum charge    of $125.00, will be made for the empty miles traveled in connection with the    order which was cancelled.

When, at the request of Consignor or Consignee, a tractor is used for    spotting or similar services, at a place designated by the Consignor or    Consignee, a charge of $35.00 per hour, will be assessed, subject to a    minimum charge of $140.00 per tractor.

The weight loaded shall not exceed the maximum weight which may lawfully be transported in Carrier's equipment; provided, however, when the  weight of a shipment is less than the minimum weight specified for the  applicable rate, and the rate provides that in no event will freight charges be  based on less than the minimum weight specified, such minimum weight will apply  for the purpose of computing freight charges.

For liquid bulk commodities, when loading or unloading service is        performed by the Carrier's own equipment, a charge of five cents (5        cents) per 100 pounds when freight charges are in cents per 100 pounds or        $.004 per gallon when freight charges are in cents per gallon, subject to        a minimum charge of $24.00 per load, will be made for loading and/or        stops to partially load and the same charges will be made for unloading        and/or stops to partially unload.

The charge for furnishing personnel hereunder shall be $20.00 per     person per hour, subject to a minimum charge of $80.00 per person.

Mileage will be computed in accordance    with the provisions of Item 217 (Distances-Method of Computing) from the    closest terminal where suitable equipment is domiciled for the service    requested, subject to a minimum charge of $100.00 per vehicle or unit.

For dry bulk commodities, when loading or unloading service is performed        by the Carrier's own equipment, a charge of seven cents (7 cents) per 100        pounds, subject to a minimum charge or $35.00 per load will be made for        loading and/or stops to partially load and the same charges will be made        for unloading and/or stops to partially unload.

Shipper shall tender to Carrier and Carrier shall transport in a series of shipments not less than 10,000 pounds of Commodities per year.

A charge of $12.50 per half hour    or fractional part thereof shall apply for all time consumed in excess of    free time allowed when due to delay caused by Consignor or Consignee and    beyond Carrier's control.

If Shipper wishes a shipment partially loaded at more than one place of    loading and/or partially discharged at more than one place of unloading, and    if such places of loading are not included within the corporate limits of a    single municipality, or if such places of unloading are not all included    within the corporate limits of a single municipality, the applicable rate    shall be based on the mileage from point of origin to final destination over





   the route of actual movement as per Shipper's instructions, computed in    accordance with Item 217 (Distances-Method of Computing).

This distance may be used only when the net weight of the shipment does not    exceed 36,000 pounds and does not contain explosives, flammable liquids,    oxidizing materials, corrosive materials, compressed gas or combustible    liquid with a flash point at or below 95 degrees Farenheit.

Except as otherwise provided in this Item, two (2) hours will be allowed for    loading and three (3) hours will be allowed for unloading.

A charge of $50.00 per hour or    fractional part thereof shall apply for all time consumed in excess of free    time allowed for unloading when due to delays caused by Shipper or Consignee    and beyond Carrier's control.

If Shipper wishes a shipment to be partially loaded at more than one place of    loading and/or partially, discharged at more than one place of unloading, and    if such places of loading are all included within the corporate limits of a    single municipality, or if such places of unloading are all included within    the corporate limits of a single municipality, a charge of $75.00 per stop    will be made for each pick-up and/or delivery, exclusive of the original     pick-up and the final delivery.

Shipments moving in MC-330 or MC-331 trailers will be allowed one and one-    half (1.5) hours for loading and unloading.

A charge of $12.50    per half hour or fractional part thereof shall apply for all time consumed in    excess of free time allowed for loading when due to delays caused by Shipper    or Consignor and beyond Carrier's control.

Except as otherwise provided, shipments moving at Carrier's distance     commodity rates may be stopped in transit at not more than two points     enroute between original point of origin and final point of destination to     complete loading or to partially unload or both.

When such hose in excess of 30 feet in length is    requested by either Shipper or Consignee for loading or unloading a    shipment, a charge for such additional hose will be made as follows:

                     FEET                  CHARGE                    --------              ----------                     0 -- 15                $ 7.50                    15 -- 30                 20.00                    30 -- 45                 45.00                    45 -- 60                 80.00                    over  60                  1.50 per foot

In no event shall Carrier be liable for any lost profits or special, indirect or consequential damages.

A claim must be filed with Carrier within     thirty (30) days from the date the shipment in question was delivered, and     (i) contain facts sufficient to identify the shipment (or shipments)     involved (ii) assert the grounds for Carrier's liability for alleged loss,     damage, injury, or delay, and (iii) request payment of a specified or     determinable amount of money.

Carrier shall, at its sole cost and expense, procure and maintain liability insurance with a reputable and financially responsible insurance carrier or carriers properly insuring Carrier against liability and claims for injuries to persons (including injuries resulting in death) and for damage to property in amounts not less than the Minimum Levels of Financial Responsibility for Motor Carriers prescribed by the U. S. Department of Transportation (49 CFR (S)387 et seq.).

SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

EZJR

LEADER

Leader Act Ltd

EZJR, Inc.

October 13, 2016

Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.

This Agreement and any matters arising out of or related to this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

Prolong Super Lubricants

SABCO RACING, INC.

Prolong

Sabco

19th day of December 1997

The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race             ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the  year-2000 Winston Cup season.

This Agreement shall be            ------------------------------------- governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State  of North Carolina.

During the term of this Agreement, Sabco will not             ----------- represent or accept as a primary, secondary, or associate sponsor any other  company reasonably deemed to be competitive with Prolong products.

This Agreement may not be assigned by either party            ---------- without the prior written consent of the other party.

Sabco shall provide at its expense and maintain throughout           --------- the term of this Agreement and any option period spectator liability insurance  in an amount not less than $1 million single limit coverage with respect to any  liability relating to the activities of Sabco in the performance of this  Agreement.  Sabco shall, within 90 days of the execution of this Agreement,  supply Prolong with a copy of such policy of insurance or a certificate thereof, and such policies shall be cancelable only upon 10 days written notice to  Prolong.

Online Hosting Agreement

Diplomat Direct Marketing Corporation

Tadeo E-Commerce Corp.

Diplomat

Tadeo

1st day of June, 1999

1st day of June, 1999

The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.

Diplomat or Tadeo, if such party is not in default of the terms of this Agreement, may extend the term of this Agreement for an additional one year ("Additional Period"), provided the extending party gives the other party at least sixty (60) days advance written notice before the end of the Period.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such State.

Upon Diplomat giving Tadeo at least sixty (60) days advance written notice of termination of this Agreement.

"group" within the meaning of Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or any successor provision to either of the foregoing, including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act or any successor provision thereof (a "group") other than The Rubin Family Irrevocable Stock Trust U/A dated April 30, 1997, organized under the laws of the State of New York (the "Trust"), Robert M. Rubin ("Rubin"), or any affiliate of Rubin or the Trust.

Tadeo will have the right (but not the obligation) to terminate this Agreement and the rights granted to Diplomat hereunder, upon 60 days written notice to Diplomat, following the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of Diplomat by any Permitted Assignee (as defined in Section 9(a) of this Agreement), or the acquisition of the beneficial ownership of at least 20% (the "Threshold") of the voting power represented by the voting securities of Diplomat, any successor thereto or any Permitted Assignee by any person or

Any attempt to assign this Agreement without such consent (if required) shall be void and of no effect AB INITIO.

Neither party any assign this Agreement, or their respective rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without the other party's prior written consent; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Tadeo shall be entitled to assign all of its rights and obligations hereunder to any subsidiary or affiliated entity without the consent of Diplomat.

To the extent, if any, that ownership of the Hose Materials does not automatically vest in Tadeo by virtue of this Agreement or otherwise, Diplomat hereby transfers and assigns to Tadeo all rights, title and interest which Diplomat may have in and to the Host Materials.

If Diplomat's examination is not completed within one month from commencement, Tadeo at any time may require Diplomat to terminate such examination on

Diplomat will be required to notify Tadeo at least five business days before the date of planned examination.

seven days' notice to Diplomat; PROVIDED that Tadeo has cooperated with Diplomat in the examination of such books and records.

Diplomat may make examinations pursuant hereto during Tadeo's usual business hours, and at the place in the continental United States where Tadeo regularly keeps these books and records.

AGENCY AGREEMENT

Savings  Association Insurance  Fund

AF Mutual Holding Company

SAIF

Bruyette & Woods, Inc.

Federal   Deposit   Insurance Corporation

Alamogordo   Financial   Corporation

Bank

Agent

Alamogordo Federal Savings and Loan Association

MHC

Charles Webb & Company

Company

FDIC

___________ __, 2000

___________ __, 2000

This  Agreement  shall  be  construed  in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas.

the Agent will be paid a fee                not to exceed 5.5% of the aggregate  Purchase Price of the Shares                sold by them.

In the event the Company is unable to sell a minimum of 708,050  Shares within the period  herein  provided,  this  Agreement  shall  terminate  and the Company shall refund to any persons who have  subscribed  for any of the Shares, the full amount which it may have  received  from them plus accrued  interest as set forth in the  Prospectus;  and none of the parties to this  Agreement  shall have any obligation to the other parties hereunder,  except as set forth in this Section 2 and in Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof.

The respective  indemnities of the Company,  the MHC, the Bank and the Agent and the representations and warranties and other statements of the Company, the MHC, the Bank and the Agent set forth in or made  pursuant  to this  Agreement  shall remain in full force and effect,  regardless of any  termination or cancellation of this Agreement or any  investigation  made by or on behalf of the Agent,  the Company,  the MHC, the Bank or any  controlling  person referred to in Section 8 hereof,  and shall  survive the  issuance of the Shares,  and any  successor  or assign of the Agent,  the Company,  the MHC, the Bank, and any such  controlling person  shall  be  entitled  to  the  benefit  of  the  respective   agreements, indemnities, warranties and representations.

It is expressly  agreed that the Agent shall not be liable for any loss, liability,  claim, damage or expense or be required  to  contribute  any amount  which in the  aggregate  exceeds the amount paid (excluding reimbursable expenses) to the Agent under this Agreement.

The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by                the FDIC up to the applicable  limits; and no proceedings for the                termination  or revocation  of such  insurance are pending or, to                the best knowledge of the Company or the Bank, threatened.

MANIFEST SYSTEM SERVICES AND CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

MAILBOXES ETC. USA, INC.

Mail                                                         ------- Boxes Etc. USA, Inc.

MBE

Company

iShip.com, Inc.

April 27, 1999

April 27, 1999

The initial term of this Agreement shall          ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.

If MBE notifies the Company of its intent to so renew prior to the end of such initial term or such Renewal Period, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for the Renewal Period and, other than the Fee Schedule, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

MBE shall have the right to elect by written notice to the Company at any time between two (2) and six (6) months prior to the end of such initial term or any subsequent Renewal Period (as defined below), to notify the Company that MBE elects to seek to extend such term for additional two (2)-year periods (each a "Renewal Period") In the event of such election, MBE and the Company shall have  -------------- a period of sixty (60) days in which to negotiate commercially reasonable Basic Fees, Bounty Fees and eBay Fees (and other applicable fees) ("Fee Schedule")                                                               ------------ under which the Company would be willing to renew this Agreement for such Renewal Period.

This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant          ------------- hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.

MBE shall not enter into any agreement or arrangement with any      provider of an online or Internet-based manifest system other than the      Company.

The Company shall not enter into any agreement or arrangement,      including without limitation any sale, license, service agreement,      co-branding agreement, co-marketing agreement or linking agreement with any      provider of manifesting or shipping services through non-carrier retail      shipping locations; provided, however, that:

               (A) the Company may provide listings of carrier drop-boxes or      carrier-owned counter drop-off locations specific to a particular carrier      (including, without limitation, locations within retail establishments) on      the Company Site, provided that such listings do not include retail      shipping locations, including UPS authorized shipping outlets, FedEx      authorized shipping centers and other commercial mail receiving agencies;      and

               (B) the Company may enter into any such agreement or arrangement      so long as MBE is given advance written notice of such agreement or      arrangement and such agreement or arrangement prohibits the use of the      Manifest or any Company Technology to manifest or ship packages for retail      customers and provided further that Company terminates service to any such      entity that uses the Manifest or any Company Technology to serve retail      customers.

common stock of the Company (calculated on an as-converted basis and as      adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar      transaction)

failure which is directly caused by an event of force majeure (as set forth      in Section 18(e)  [Force Majeure] or by the failure of the Service to operate in accordance      with the Specifications or by the Company's breach of any of its      obligations hereunder), or (B) MBE ceases to own at least [***]* shares of

manifested by the Service in any period of three (3) full months commencing      on the earlier of (x) March 1, 2000, and (y) the use of the Service to      manifest packages by at least [***]* MBE Centers (other than any such

The Company shall not enter into any agreement or arrangement,      including without limitation any sale, license, service agreement,      co-branding agreement, co-marketing agreement or linking agreement with any      provider of manifesting or shipping services through non-carrier retail      shipping locations; provided, however, that:

               (A) the Company may provide listings of carrier drop-boxes or      carrier-owned counter drop-off locations specific to a particular carrier      (including, without limitation, locations within retail establishments) on      the Company Site, provided that such listings do not include retail      shipping locations, including UPS authorized shipping outlets, FedEx      authorized shipping centers and other commercial mail receiving agencies;      and

               (B) the Company may enter into any such agreement or arrangement      so long as MBE is given advance written notice of such agreement or      arrangement and such agreement or arrangement prohibits the use of the      Manifest or any Company Technology to manifest or ship packages for retail      customers and provided further that Company terminates service to any such      entity that uses the Manifest or any Company Technology to serve retail      customers.

and all MBE Centers together fail to ship at least [***]* packages

The Company may, at its option, terminate the exclusivity      provisions set forth in this Section 3(d)  [Exclusivity] upon the occurrence of any of the      following events: (A) MBE

(B) MBE ceases to own at least [***]* shares of

common stock of the Company (calculated on an as-converted basis and as      adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar      transaction).

The Company may, at its option, terminate the exclusivity      provisions set forth in this Section 3(d)  [Exclusivity] upon the occurrence of any of the      following events:

Each party shall have the right to assign its rights,

obligations and privileges hereunder to an assignee in connection with any merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of the business to which this Agreement relates.

In further consideration for the Service and the other          ---------- obligations of the Company hereunder, for each package shipped by or through an MBE Center by a Bounty Customer who pays the shipping rates charged by such MBE

Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000





Center, ("Bounty Package"), the Company shall be entitled to receive the           -------------- following amounts (the "Bounty Fee") from each such MBE Center, for Bounty                         ---------- Packages shipped during each calendar month:

         (i)   in the event that less than [***]* Bounty Packages shall have                                             --- been shipped by the MBE Centers during the twelve (12) full months prior to the shipping of such Bounty Package (or, if such information is not yet available for the month prior to the month in which such Bounty Package is shipped, the most recent twelve (12) full months for which such information is available) (the "Measurement Period"), the amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via       ------------------                   --- air transportation and the amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via                                       --- ground transportation;

         (ii)  in the event that at least [***]* but less than [***]* Bounty                                            ---                  --- Packages have been shipped by the MBE Centers during the Measurement Period, the amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via air transportation and the            --- amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via ground transportation;            ---

         (iii) in the event that at least [***]* but less than [***]* Bounty                                            ---                  --- Packages shall have been shipped by the MBE Centers during the Measurement Period, the amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via air transportation                        --- and the amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via ground transportation;                    --- and

         (iv)  in the event that at least [***]* Bounty Packages shall have been                                            --- shipped by the MBE Centers during the Measurement Period, the amount of [***]*                                                                          --- per Bounty Package shipped via air transportation and the amount of [***]* per                                                                      --- Bounty Package shipped via ground transportation.

In further consideration for the Service and the other          -------- obligations of the Company hereunder, for each package shipped by or through an MBE Center by an eBay Customer ("eBay Package"), the Company shall be entitled                                  ------------ to receive the following amounts from such MBE Center for eBay Packages shipped during each calendar month, in each case

----------      *  Confidential treatment has been requested for the bracketed portion. The confidential redacted portion has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                      -10-

after deduction of the lesser of (x) [***]* and (y) the amount paid or to be                                       --- paid by such eBay Customer directly to the Company with respect to the shipment of such package (the "eBay Fee"):                       --------

         (i)   in the event that at least [***]* but less than [***]* eBay                                            ---                  --- Packages have been shipped by MBE and the MBE Centers during the Measurement Period, the amount of [***]* per eBay Package shipped via air transportation and                        --- the amount of [***]* per eBay Package shipped via ground transportation;                ---

         (ii)  in the event that at least [***]* but less than [***]* eBay                                            ---                  --- Packages shall have been shipped by the MBE Centers during the Measurement Period, the amount of [***]* per eBay Package shipped via air transportation and                        --- the amount of [***]* per eBay Package shipped via ground transportation; and                ---

         (iii) in the event that at least [***]* eBay Packages shall have been                                            --- shipped by the MBE Centers during the Measurement Period, the amount of [***]*                                                                          --- per eBay Package shipped via air transportation and the amount of [***]* per                                                                    --- eBay Package shipped via ground transportation.

The maximum amount of information downloaded from the Company's server to the counter manifest station will be 15 kilobytes or less per package processed.

The Company is, and shall be, the sole owner of all inventions, discoveries and/or enhancements relating to the Service and the Specifications, including all copies, translations, compilations, partial copies, derivative works and updated works, whether partial or complete and whether or not merged into other program materials and whether in written or unwritten form.

The Company hereby grants the MBE Centers a [***]* under all of                                                              --- Company's Intellectual Property Rights solely to access and use the Service in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Subscription Agreement.

Each party hereby grants to the other party a          ------------------- [***]* (except as provided in Section 18(b)  [Assignment]("Assignment")), [***]* (with no  ---                                                         --- right to sublicense except as set forth below) under all of its Intellectual Property Rights to use, reproduce, modify, and create derivative works of each party's preexisting Intellectual Property Rights solely as is reasonably and actually necessary to complete the development of the Service.

Each party (the "Granting Party") hereby grants the          ------------------                   -------------- other party (the "Using Party") a limited license to use its Brand Features in                   ----------- connection with the marketing, distribution, provision of access to, and support of the Service.

During the Termination Period and thereafter, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, MBE will be free to use its own personnel, and/or engage or contract with any third party to use the Specifications to design, develop and market an Internet-based manifest system similar to the Manifest (including products that contain functionality similar to the Service and which have a "look and feel" similar or identical to the Manifest), in each case solely for the benefit of MBE and the MBE Centers and international franchisees or licensees of MBE.

If this Agreement is terminated or expires in accordance with this Section 15 (other than termination by the Company in the event of an uncured material breach by MBE), then MBE shall have a period of up to twenty-four (24) months from and after the date of such termination, to make arrangements with respect to the conversion of the Service to a non-Company manifest system (the "Termination Period").

During the Termination Period each party will continue to perform its obligations hereunder, and MBE and MBE Centers will continue to pay any applicable fees and payments hereunder to the Company.

During the Termination Period, the Company will give reasonable cooperation and support to MBE to assure an orderly and efficient transition and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, at MBE's expense, the Company shall be obligated to provide MBE with data reasonably necessary for MBE to convert or implement the non-Company systems, procedures and practices.

MBE will also permit the Company to enter any of MBE's premises during regular business hours to inspect the use of the Service in any reasonable manner.

MBE shall, at any time during the term of this Agreement, be entitled to audit all such records upon ten (10) days written notice to the Company, in order to confirm the accuracy of such records and conformance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided, however, that no more than one (1) such audit may be conducted in any --------  ------- ninety (90)-day period.

CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR

MBE's sole remedy for correction of problems after Acceptance shall be under the Warranties set forth in Section 11.

THIS SECTION 12 SETS FORTH THE SOLE AND          ---------------------------- EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY FOR INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

The Company's sole and exclusive liability and MBE's sole and          -------- exclusive remedy for breach of the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 11 shall be, at the Company's election, to either (i) use its best efforts to make the Service perform in accordance with the Specifications in all material respects as soon as reasonably practicable, or (ii) return the Fees paid by MBE and MBE Centers for the Service in which case MBE would have the right to either terminate the entire Agreement or the portions of the Agreement affected by breach of the representation and warranties.

IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR

Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000





CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

The parties further agree that NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, FOR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES OR FOR ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND AGAINST A PARTY BY ANY OTHER PARTY.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in      ----------------------- this Agreement, in no event shall either party's liability under any provision of this Agreement or otherwise arising out of or related to this Agreement (other than payments due or accrued under Section 8, exceed the amounts paid by MBE and the MBE Centers to the Company pursuant to this Agreement.

CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

At Home Corporation ("Excite@Home" or "Excite")

e-centives, Inc., ("Application Provider" or "e-centives")

16th day of February, 2000

16th day of February, 2000

The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end      three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes      accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").

The Agreement will be governed by and construed in         accordance with the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding the         actual state or country of residence or incorporation of Application         Provider.

Excite@Home will not serve advertising on the Co-Branded Application for      any "Application Provider Named Competitor," as specified in EXHIBIT E.

Excite@Home shall not promote competing services in such contact                or otherwise discourage Program Members from continuing to use                the e-centives service as provided directly by e-centives.

Application Provider will not serve advertising on the Co-Branded      Application for any "Excite@Home Named Competitor," as specified in      EXHIBIT E.

Competitors. Not more than once per quarter, Excite@Home may update the      list of Excite@Home Named Competitors, but may not add to the list any      company with which e-centives has a material existing relationship as of      the Effective Date of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,           Application Provider hereby grants to Excite@Home a royalty-free,           non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, distribute,           transmit and publicly display the e-centives Content in accordance           with this Agreement and to sub-license the Application Content to           Excite@Home's wholly-owned subsidiaries or to joint ventures in which           Excite@Home participates for the sole purpose of using, reproducing,           distributing, transmitting and publicly displaying the e-centives           Content in accordance with this Agreement, provided that no such           sublicensing shall be to Application Provider Named Competitors.

Furthermore, Excite@Home may not             sell, disclose, transfer, rent, or license Shopping Category Data or             Superset Data to Data Restricted Named Companies as specified in             EXHIBIT I.

Within three business days of      receiving Excite@Home's written update, Application Provider will remove      any advertising from Excite@Home's listed competitors displayed on the      Co-Branded Pages.

In no event may either party sell, disclose, transfer, rent, or             license Payment-Eligible User Data to the other party's Named             Competitors as listed in EXHIBIT E.

Not more than once per quarter, Application Provider may             update the list of Application Provider Data Restricted Named             Companies shown in EXHIBIT I, so long as such list shall not exceed             twenty-five (25) companies.

Excite@Home shall not offer any Excite-branded or Excite-co-branded         service during the Term of this Agreement that is substantially similar         in functionally to the Co-Branded Application.

Within three      business days of receiving Application Provider's written update,      Excite@Home will remove any advertising from Application Provider's listed      competitors displayed on the Co-Branded Pages.

Excite@Home may designate no more than 10 companies as Named      Competitors.

Application Provider will not solicit any Excite@Home Member on             behalf of any Excite@Home Named Competitor during the Term of this             Agreement or thereafter.

In the event that the Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section           16.a.v. due to e-centives' acquisition by an Excite@Home Named           Competitor, or by an entity controlling or controlled by an           Excite@Home Named Competitor, e-centives or its assigns or designates           may not contact any Users for whom User Data has been provided           pursuant to this Agreement, excluding those that have opted out in           accordance with Section 5(a) of Exhibit D.

Application Provider may not use Payment-Eligible User Data to                solicit User traffic to www.e-centives.com or any other                co-branded version of www.e-centives.com with the intent of                driving such Users away from using the Co-Branded Application.

Agreement to the Launch Date for the Co-Branded Application, as             hereinafter defined, Application Provider may use Payment Eligible             User Data to solicit User traffic to the co-branded area currently             in place at http://coupons.excite.com pursuant to the Sponsorship             Agreement effective March 5, 1999 in force between the parties.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely for the period from the                Effective Date of this

In the event that a majority of Application Provider's assets are merged,      acquired or sold to an Excite@Home Named Competitor, or to an entity      controlling or controlled by an Excite@Home Named Competitor, then      Excite@Home may terminate this Agreement by providing thirty (30) days      written notice.

In the event that the Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section           16.a.v. due to e-centives' acquisition by an Excite@Home Named           Competitor, or by an entity controlling or controlled by an           Excite@Home Named Competitor, e-centives or its assigns or designates           may not contact any Users for whom User Data has been provided           pursuant to this Agreement, excluding those that have opted out in           accordance with Section 5(a) of Exhibit D.

In the event that the Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section             16.a.v due to e-centives' acquisition by an Excite@Home Named             Competitor, or by an entity controlling or controlled by an             Excite@Home Named Competitor, e-centives shall transfer all of its             right, title and interest in and to the Payment-Eligible User Data             to Excite.

Neither party may assign this Agreement, in whole or in         part, without the other party's written consent (which will not be         unreasonably withheld), except that no such consent will be required in         connection with a merger, reorganization or sale of all, or         substantially all, of such party's assets or capital stock.

Any attempt         to assign this Agreement other than as permitted above will be null and         void.

Revenue generated by the parties      from such activities shall not be shared but rather shall be retained by      the respective party to whom the Sponsorship tile(s) are allocated.

Excite@Home will pay e-centives *****% of net revenue (gross revenue           less $***** purchase price and cost of sales not to exceed *****% of           gross revenues) generated from sales of the e-centives packages.

In the event that Excite@Home delivers more than *****           Payment-Eligible General Program Member User Data records and/or more           than ***** Payment-Eligible Qualified Program Member User Data           records during the Term of the Agreement, e-centives will pay           Excite@Home, on a quarterly basis, *****% of net revenue (gross           revenue less direct third party commissions) generated from the           delivery of offers to any such excess Program Members.

For Untargeted           Offers that appear both on the Co-Branded Application and elsewhere           on the Excite Network, revenue attributable to placement on the           Co-Branded Application shall be calculated based on the price to be           established as set forth in Section 2.a of this Exhibit, and the           parties will share equally such revenue.

The parties will share equally all revenue from the listing of paper           or local coupons in the Co-Branded Application.

This equal division of revenue shall not extend to any placement of           Untargeted Offers outside the Co-Branded Application.

Excite@Home and e-centives shall share equally all net revenue from           such offers, defined as gross revenue minus third-party serving           costs, which shall not exceed $0.01 per email piece delivered.

The parties will share equally all revenue from the sale of           Untargeted Offers sold for display in the Co-Branded Application.

To the extent           that Excite@Home elects in its sole discretion to purchase in excess           of $***** in e-centive packages during any quarter, any such excess           purchases shall constitute a credit which Excite@Home may apply           against its minimum purchase obligations in any subsequent quarter(s).

Notwithstanding the foregoing,           Excite@Home agrees that emails shall be sent at least once per month           to at least 50% of the Program Members with at least five (5)           merchant offers.

Excite@Home will supply to e-centives a minimum of *****           Payment-Eligible User Data records for Qualified Program Members           containing all available information set forth in Section 1(h)  [DEFINITIONS] in each           quarter during the Term of this Agreement, beginning with the quarter           in which the Launch Date (as hereinafter defined) falls, for a minimum           of ***** of these Qualified Program Member User Data records           during the Term of this Agreement.

Throughput of all data being served directly to the end user shall be           sustained at least 50Kbits/sec as measured by Excite@Home's monitoring           stations in at least 80% of all monitored cases.

Excite@Home will purchase in bulk a minimum of $3.75 million in           e-centive packages from e-centives at the rate of $***** per e-centive           delivered for the purpose of resale to Excite@Home's advertisers and           partners. Within 5 days of Launch Date Excite@Home will pay e-centives           a non-refundable minimum of $***** and will continue to pay a           minimum of $***** each quarter, payable at the beginning of the           quarter, during the Term of this Agreement for such packages.

The minimum of three offers per category must remain fresh;         if more than one week has elapsed without new offers being available         then a status message indicating no new offers in the category selected         will appear.

Excite@Home will supply to Application Provider a minimum of                ***** Payment-Eligible User Data records for General Program                Members containing all available information set forth in Section                1(h)  [DEFINITIONS] in each quarter during the Term of this Agreement, beginning                with the quarter in which the Launch Date (as hereinafter                defined) falls, for a minimum of ***** of these General                Program Member User Data records during the Term of this                Agreement.

At its discretion, Excite@Home may include up to five rotating links on         the My Excite Start Page ("MESP").

In the event that the Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section             16.a.v due to e-centives' acquisition by an Excite@Home Named             Competitor, or by an entity controlling or controlled by an             Excite@Home Named Competitor, e-centives shall transfer all of its             right, title and interest in and to the Payment-Eligible User Data             to Excite.

Payment-Eligible URS User Data, Superset Data, and Shopping                Category Data collected through the operation of the Co-Branded                Application will be jointly owned by the parties.

In the event that the Agreement expires or is terminated for any

reason other than termination pursuant to Section 16.a.v, the                parties shall continue to jointly own Payment-Eligible User Data                in accordance with Section 6.a.

Transactional Data, when available, shall be jointly owned by                the parties, except in those cases where Application Provider's                contractual agreement(s) with its merchant partner(s) prevent                the sharing of said Transactional Data with third parties.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Payment-Eligible User Data             that relates to users who have opted out in accordance with Section             5(a) of EXHIBIT D shall continue to be jointly owned by the parties.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,           Application Provider hereby grants to Excite@Home a royalty-free,           non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, distribute,           transmit and publicly display the e-centives Content in accordance           with this Agreement and to sub-license the Application Content to           Excite@Home's wholly-owned subsidiaries or to joint ventures in which           Excite@Home participates for the sole purpose of using, reproducing,           distributing, transmitting and publicly displaying the e-centives           Content in accordance with this Agreement, provided that no such           sublicensing shall be to Application Provider Named Competitors.

Each party hereby grants to the other a non-exclusive, limited license           to use its trademarks, service marks or trade names only as           specifically described in this Agreement.

In no event may either party sell, disclose, transfer, rent, or             license Payment-Eligible User Data to the other party's Named             Competitors as listed in EXHIBIT E. Furthermore, Excite@Home may not             sell, disclose, transfer, rent, or license Shopping Category Data or             Superset Data to Data Restricted Named Companies as specified in             EXHIBIT I. Not more than once per quarter, Application Provider may             update the list of Application Provider Data Restricted Named             Companies shown in EXHIBIT I, so long as such list shall not exceed             twenty-five (25) companies.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,           Application Provider hereby grants to Excite@Home a royalty-free,           non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, distribute,           transmit and publicly display the e-centives Content in accordance           with this Agreement and to sub-license the Application Content to           Excite@Home's wholly-owned subsidiaries or to joint ventures in which           Excite@Home participates for the sole purpose of using, reproducing,           distributing, transmitting and publicly displaying the e-centives           Content in accordance with this Agreement, provided that no such           sublicensing shall be to Application Provider Named Competitors.

continue with e-centives branding, and Program Members will                continue as a participant in the e-centives service unless they                explicitly opt out.  The content and copy of such emails shall be                mutually agreed upon.

       ii)  The first email will be exclusive to e-centives (i.e., it will                not mention similar services from Excite@Home or other third                parties) and will alert Program Members of the continuation of                the e-centives service directly from e-centives. Program Members                shall be further alerted that their membership in the e-centives                service shall continue unless they explicitly opt-out.                Excite@Home shall not promote competing services in such contact                or otherwise discourage Program Members from continuing to use                the e-centives service as provided directly by e-centives.

       iii) The second email will not be exclusive to e-centives. It will                include the same e-centives alerts as in the first email, but may                offer a replacement Excite@Home service and a notification that                the Program Member will remain in such an Excite@Home-provided                service unless they specifically opt-out. Excite@Home shall not                discourage Program Members from continuing to use the e-centives                service directly from e-centives, but may offer an additional                choice. It is conceivable that any one end user customer could                use both services.

       iv)  Any such communications will be subject to Excite@Home's                then-current privacy policy.

Effects of Termination

iii) For a period of up to sixty (60) days, Application Provider will           provide consulting services to Excite@Home, as Excite@Home may           reasonably request and for reasonable fees to be paid to Application           Provider, such fees to be agreed upon in writing by the Parties, to           assist Excite@Home in providing a seamless transition to Program           Members. Application Provider will have no obligation to provide such           services to Excite@Home to the extent that Application Provider's           personnel and resources are unavailable in the amounts requested by           Excite@Home or if the Parties are unable in good faith to agree on the           reasonable fees to be paid to Application Provider for such services.           Application Provider will not be required, in the course of providing           such consulting services to Excite@Home, to disclose or transfer to           Excite@Home any proprietary information, software, or Intellectual           Property of Application Provider or any of its merchant partners.

To further ensure a seamless transition for Program Members, in the           event of a termination based upon a material breach by e-centives or           an acquisition pursuant to Section 16.a.v. only, Application Provider           shall continue to host and maintain the Co-Branded Application for a           period of one hundred twenty (120) days following either receipt or           issuance of notice of intention to terminate this Agreement. Such           hosting and maintenance of the Co-Branded Application shall be           provided by Application Provider at such reasonable rates as are           mutually agreed upon by the parties.

Upon termination of this Agreement for reasons other than a           relationship with an Excite@Home Named Competitor under Section           16.a.v., the parties will communicate with Program Members as follows:

       i)   Excite@Home will email Program Members on e-centives' behalf up                to a maximum of two times. Consistent with other communications                envisioned during the Term of the Agreement, such mailings will                be branded Excite@Home but will alert Program Members that this                Agreement is to be terminated, the Co-Branded Application will

Once every 12 months, the         party receiving payment and/or User Data records or its designee may         inspect such records to verify for accuracy.

Except as provided by Sections 19(a)(iii)(2), (a)(iii)(3), (b)(iii)(2) and      (b)(iii)(3):

  a)   Neither party will have liability for any damages other than direct           damages. In no event will either party be liable to the other for any           special, incidental or consequential damages, whether based on breach           of contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, whether or not           that party has been advised of the possibility of such damage.

  b)   Either party's liability for damages shall be limited to the amounts           actually paid by the other party.

Except as provided by Sections 19(a)(iii)(2), (a)(iii)(3), (b)(iii)(2) and      (b)(iii)(3):

  a)   Neither party will have liability for any damages other than direct           damages. In no event will either party be liable to the other for any           special, incidental or consequential damages, whether based on breach           of contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, whether or not           that party has been advised of the possibility of such damage.

  b)   Either party's liability for damages shall be limited to the amounts           actually paid by the other party.

CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

Emdeon Corporation

Emdeon

WebMD, Inc.

WebMD

October 1, 2005

October 1, 2005

This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).

Expiration Date: August 31, 2006

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without application of conflict of laws principles.

Any such purported assignment or delegation without such prior written consent shall be null and void and have no force and effect.

Neither party shall have the right to sell, assign, transfer or hypothecate (all hereinafter referred to as "assign" or "assignment") this Agreement, or delegate any of its obligations hereunder, voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of the other party.

WebMD agrees to grant, and Emdeon agrees to accept, a license to use the Content (as defined below) in connection with various software products it has all right title and interest to (the "Software") in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Emdeon is hereby granted a non-exclusive and worldwide right to use WebMD's trademarks and logos ("Marks") for the purpose of identifying the origin of the Content during the term of this Agreement.

Subject to Emdeon's compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, Emdeon is hereby authorized and licensed to use the Content by making such Content available to third parties verbatim or as source material via the Software.

Such license is a non-exclusive, non-transferrable and worldwide license and shall include the right to use, reproduce, copy and publish the Content solely in connection with the Software.

Such license is a non-exclusive, non-transferrable and worldwide license and shall include the right to use, reproduce, copy and publish the Content solely in connection with the Software.

Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, Emdeon shall have a reasonable period of time to remove the Content from the Software

WEBMD'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE CONTENT, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EITHER JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY, SHALL NOT EXCEED FIFTY DOLLARS ($50).

IN NO EVENT WILL WEBMD OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, HOWEVER ARISING, FOR ANY COSTS OF COVER OR FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE PROVISION OR USE OF CONTENT, EVEN IF WEBMD HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

Operator

Owner

SandRidge Midstream, Inc.

Pion Gathering Company, LLC

June 30, 2009

June 30, 2009

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall  continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this  Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner,  as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality  of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation  and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and  (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.

This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to choice of  law principles that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall  continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this  Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner,  as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality  of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation  and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and  (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.

Owner may terminate this Agreement at any time upon the occurrence of any of the following:

(b)   an Operator Change of Control;

Operator shall not make any assignment of all or any part of this Agreement or any of the rights or obligations hereunder unless there first shall  have been obtained the written consent thereto of Owner, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.

Owner shall  not make any assignment of all or any part of this Agreement or any of the rights or obligations hereunder except in connection with the sale or  conveyance of all or any part of the Gathering System.

Any attempted assignment of this Agreement in violation of this Section 9.13 shall be null and void.

Upon the termination of this Agreement, Operator shall cooperate in the transition of operations to Owner or a successor operator and upon  Owner's request, will promptly deliver all books and records and other property (including, without limitation, intellectual property) of Owner to  Owner or the successor operator, as applicable.

Owner shall have up until two years after the close of a Calendar Year in which to make an audit of Operator's records  for such Calendar Year.

Owner shall engage an auditor for this purpose no later than 45 days after the  end of each fiscal year.

Upon reasonable prior written notice to Operator, Owner shall have the right during normal business hours to audit or examine all books and  records of Operator to the extent they relate to Operator's performance hereunder as well as the relevant books of account of Operator's  contractors, relating to the performance of Operator's obligations under this Agreement. Operator shall cooperate with Owner's auditors by  (i) making the applicable books

and records available for inspection by Owner's auditors, and (ii) making such copies of books and records as may be reasonably requested by  such auditors. In no event shall Owner's audits unreasonably interfere with Operator's operations.

The costs of any audit of Owner's books or records shall be borne by Owner.

Owner will be responsible for all costs of any  such audit; provided that if, in any audit, Owner discovers overpayments by Owner of at least $250,000 in the aggregate ("Material  Overpayment"), Operator will reimburse Owner for such Material Overpayment and all reasonable costs incurred by Owner in connection with  such audit ("Audit Costs").

IN FURTHERANCE OF THE FOREGOING, EACH PARTY RELEASES THE OTHER PARTY AND  WAIVES ANY RIGHT OF RECOVERY FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY SUCH PARTY  REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY SUCH DAMAGES ARE CAUSED BY THE OTHER PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE (AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH  NEGLIGENCE IS SOLE, JOINT, CONCURRENT, ACTIVE, PASSIVE, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE), FAULT, OR LIABILITY WITHOUT FAULT.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR SPECIAL,  INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY SUCH PARTY RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF THIS  AGREEMENT OR THE BREACH THEREOF OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH  OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, INDEMNITY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF USE, INCREASED COST OF OPERATIONS, LOSS  OF PROFIT OR REVENUE, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS.

Operator shall maintain statutory worker's compensation insurance, covering all of its and its Affiliates'  employees and statutory employees, in accordance with the benefits afforded by the statutory Worker's Compensation Acts applicable  to the state, territory, or district of hire, supervision, or place of accident.

In addition, Operator shall maintain employer's liability  insurance with a limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) each accident, one million dollars ($1,000,000) disease each  employee, and one million dollars ($1,000,000) disease policy limit.

Operator shall  have its insurer(s) waive its right of subrogation against Owner Indemnified Parties on all insurance carried.

Operator shall maintain Umbrella Liability Insurance coverage covering in excess of (a), (b), and (c) above,  excluding Worker's Compensation, in the amount of ten million dollars ($10,000,000).







Insurance, the applicable contractor shall be required to cause its insurers to wave all rights of recovery or subrogation against Owner and  Operator, where not prohibited by law.

Operator shall maintain Commercial Automobile Insurance coverage, including, without limitation,  bodily injury and property damage for owned, hired, rented, and non-owned automotive equipment with a limit of not less than one million  dollars ($1,000,000) per accident.

Operator shall require each of its contractors to carry insurance coverage substantially equivalent to the insurance required  of Operator above, and to include provisions for its contractors to name Owner and Operator as additional insureds, with the exception of  Workers' Compensation Insurance, and state that such policies will be primary to and non-contributory with any other insurance maintained by  Operator and Owner.

including, without limitation, bodily injury, death, property damage, independent contractors, products/completed operations,  contractual, and personal injury liability, with a limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence and two million dollars  ($2,000,000) in the annual aggregate.

Operator shall maintain Commercial General Liability Insurance covering its operations under this  Agreement

Operator, with respect to Operator's activities provided for under this Agreement, shall maintain the following insurance coverage with  responsible insurance carriers and/or through a program of self-insurance:

Operator shall attempt to obtain reasonable indemnification and insurance protection from contractors performing services for Owner to protect  Owner and Operator. Operator shall require each of its contractors to carry insurance coverage substantially equivalent to the insurance required

PROMOTION AGREEMENT

Charity Tunes Inc.

ConAgra Foods Canada Inc.

Charity Tunes

Sponsor

June 29, 2009

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of  Canada applicable therein.

In consideration of the fees paid by Sponsor as set out herein, Charity Tunes agrees that during the period beginning October  1, 2009 and ending March 31, 2010, Charity Tunes shall not enable another program sponsorship for all competitive  products/product categories distributed/sold within the total Canadian consumer/retail/wholesale market place, inclusive of:     - Total Frozen Handhelds     - Total Corporation General Mills Handhelds     - Total Pizza Pops Handhelds / total Pillsbury Mini Pizzas     - Total Corporation McCain Foods Handhelds     - Total Pizza Pockets / total McCain Mini Pizzas     - Total Corporation Heinz Handhelds     - Total Heinz Hot bites (Bagel Bites and Taco Bites) / total Anchor Poppers     - Total Corporation Schneider Foods Handhelds     - Total Hot Stuffs / total Lean Stuffs     - Total Resers Burritos     - Total Corp les Plats du Chef Handhelds     - Total Hinsdale Farms Corndogs

This Agreement may not be assigned by either party hereto without the written consent of the other but shall be  binding upon the successors of the parties.

The total  number of Pin Codes to be distributed as prizes in the Promotion shall not exceed: (i) 277,760 Pin Codes containing three (3)  music downloads per Pin Code ; (ii) 130,300 Pin Codes containing five (5) music downloads per Pin Code; and (iii) 27,900 Pin  Codes containing seven (7) music downloads per Pin Code.

No Designated Sponsor Product shall contain more than 1 Pin  Code per pack.

Such a consumer wil l be entitled to visit a custom interactive landing page at the  CharityTunes.com website to enter the unique code and consumer's valid email address to receive downloads up to a  maximum of either three (3), five (5), or seven (7) free MP3 song downloads having a retail value of $1.29 per song or less.

The distribution limits stated above are the maximum number of Pin Codes that may be distributed in the Promotion.

WIRELESS CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

Licensee

TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX LICENSING & MERCHANDISING

Sorrent, Inc.

Fox

Fox and Licensee are collectively referred to as the "parties" and each individually as a "party."

December 16, 2004,

December 16, 2004

The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to agreements executed and to be wholly performed therein.

Under no circumstances shall Licensee enter into an exclusive distribution agreement with a CSP other than VGSL in the following territories ("VGSL Territories") covered under the VGSL Agreement: (1) United Kingdom; (2) Ireland; (3) Germany; (4) Spain; (5) France; (6) Sweden; (7) Switzerland; (8) Portugal; (9) Netherlands; (10) Greece; (11) Italy; (12) Australia; (13) New Zealand; (14) Egypt; (15) Slovenia; (16) Belgium; (17) Austria; (18) Hungary; (19) Malta; (20) Croatia; (21) South Africa; and (22) Japan.

Fox grants to Licensee a limited, exclusive (except as otherwise may be provided in this Agreement), non-transferable (except as permitted in Paragraph 17(d)) right and license to use, make, have made (as set forth in Paragraph 1(a)(i) below), reproduce, modify, and create derivative works of

the PSM in each Property, solely for the purpose of developing the wireless applications specifically set forth for each of the Properties on Exhibits B through M attached hereto ("Wireless Products"), some of which Wireless Products are defined in the Glossary attached hereto as Exhibit N

Neither party will solicit or enter into any agreement with any third party regarding the bundling of the Wireless Products with any other property (including a Fox property) or with any other products and services including preloading, OEM and soft bundling, except as mutually agreed between the parties.

Neither party may solicit or enter into any agreement with any third party regarding third-party promotional opportunities with respect to the Wireless Products without the other party's prior written consent; provided that the foregoing will not limit Licensee's rights to market and promote the Wireless Products directly and through (i) CSPs, subject to any Fox approval rights set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, or (ii) Fox's right to engage in third party promotions for the Properties involving wireless content otherwise sourced or created.

Furthermore, Fox grants to Licensee a limited, exclusive (except as may otherwise be provided in this Agreement), non-transferable (except as permitted in Paragraph 17(d)) right and license to make, have made, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, advertise, promote, distribute, sell and license the Wireless Products, including any PSM included therein, solely (i) for use on mobile or cellular telephones (the "Wireless Platform"); (ii) in the Territory (as defined in Paragraph 3), (iii) during the Term (as defined in Paragraph 4), (iv) for distribution by Licensee through the Distribution Channels (as defined in Paragraph 2(c)) granted herein; and (v) by means of periodic subscription fee, a per-download basis, or through a retail purchase

Fox has not granted and will not grant any exclusive distribution rights with respect to the Wireless Products to VGSL or any other party

(C) avoid making disparaging, false or misleading statements or representations with regard to Fox, the Property or the Wireless Products,

Licensee will

For the Term of this Agreement, Fox hereby grants to Licensee a right of first negotiation with respect to those theatrical motion pictures released during the Term of this Agreement (in addition to the Properties identified in Exhibit A) in which (i) Fox owns or controls licensing and merchandising rights, for which Fox determines in its sole discretion to grant to any third party any licensing rights for the development and distribution of wireless products, and (ii) which theatrical motion pictures Fox reasonably deems to be a Major Release consistent with its past practices.

If the parties have not reached agreement in writing regarding the terms and conditions for the exploitation of the Opportunity within said time period, or if Licensee fails to submit a bid in a timely manner, Fox shall be free to accept any bid from any other party with respect to the Opportunity, or Fox shall be free not to exploit the Opportunity at all.

If a substantial portion of the assets or controlling stock in Licensee's business is sold or transferred, or if there is a substantial change in Licensee's management, or if Licensee's property is expropriated, confiscated or nationalized by any government or if any government assumes de facto control of Licensee's business, in whole or in part, Fox may terminate this Agreement upon 30 days' notice to Licensee.

Licensee may not assign any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Fox; provided that Licensee may assign all of its rights and obligations hereunder to its successor in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of its assets or voting securities, or of the business unit associated with this Agreement

Any purported assignment or transfer except in accordance with the above shall be void and of no effect.

Licensee shall be permitted to sublicense the rights and licenses granted herein to third party contractors of Licensee, solely for purposes of development and distribution of the Wireless Products on behalf of Licensee in accordance with this Agreement; provided that such third party contractors have entered into binding written agreements with Licensee that are no less protective of Fox's intellectual property rights than are the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and provided further that Licensee will not subcontract development of any video games hereunder without Fox's prior written approval of the third party game development contractor.

In consideration of the rights granted by Licensee to Fox and VGSL pursuant to this Agreement, Fox shall pay to Licensee, or such other party as Licensee may designate in writing, a royalty in the following amounts:

(i) Distribution in Japan. In the event that Fox distributes, licenses, or otherwise exploits the Wireless Products in Japan pursuant to Paragraph 2(c)(iii), or grants to any third party any rights to distribute the Wireless Products for the Wireless Platform to end users within Japan, or otherwise uses in Japan any elements of the Fox Intellectual Property (as defined in Paragraph 11(a) that are solely attributable to Licensee's development efforts pursuant to this Agreement, Fox agrees to pay Licensee a royalty in the amount of ***** percent (*****%) of Fox's gross receipts for any such activity, which shall be defined as all monies actually received by Fox for the Wireless Products or other such elements of the PSM, less any Deductions.

Until such time as ***** percent (*****%) of an Individual Property Guarantee for a Targeted Release is recouped by Licensee, Fox shall earn, and credit against the Individual Property Guarantees, Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee's Gross Receipts from Licensee's sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the Wireless Products derived from the respective Targeted Release;

As set forth in Paragraph 2(c)(ii) above, pursuant to the VGSL Agreement, VGSL will remit directly to Fox Fox's contractual share (pursuant to the VGSL Agreement) of all revenue from sales of the Wireless Products by VGSL in the VGSL Territories ("VGSL Revenue").

Payments from Licensee to Fox: In consideration of the rights granted to Licensee pursuant to this Agreement, Licensee shall pay to Fox, or such other party as Fox may designate in writing, a royalty in the following amounts:

(i) Major Releases:

(A) Until such time as ***** percent (*****%) of an Individual Property Guarantee for a Major Release is recouped by Licensee, Fox shall earn, and credit against the Individual Property Guarantees, Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee's Gross Receipts from Licensee's sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the Wireless Products derived from the respective Major Release; and

(B) Thereafter and until such time as ***** percent (*****%) of an Individual Property Guarantee for a Major Release is recouped by Licensee, Fox shall earn and Licensee shall pay to Fox Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee's Gross Receipts from Licensee's sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the Wireless Products derived from the respective Major Release; and

(C) Thereafter (and for the remainder of the Term), Fox shall earn and Licensee shall pay to Fox Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee's Gross Receipts from Licensee's sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the Wireless Products derived from the respective Major Release.

Thereafter (and for the remainder of the Term), Fox shall earn and Licensee shall pay to Fox Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee's gross receipts from Licensee's sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the Wireless Products derived from the respective Targeted Release.

Fox will remit all VGSL Revenue to Licensee and such VGSL Revenue shall be treated as Gross Receipts for the purpose of this Agreement.

Licensee furthermore shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to achieve the following market penetration targets in Europe for the Major Releases ("Market Penetration Targets"): (1) distribution of the Wireless Products for the Major Releases through CSP's that hold at least ***** (*****%) of the subscribers in Western Europe during the ***** of this Agreement; and (2) distribution of the Wireless Products for the Major Releases through CSP's that hold at least ***** percent (*****%) of the subscribers in Western Europe during the ***** of this Agreement. If

A minimum of:

1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed provided that if the parties are unable to reach an agreement, Licensee's decision will prevail)

1 Java Application ('Screensaver') where feasible

5 MMS

10 Wallpapers

5 Voicetones, if talent agreements so allow

Licensee fails to reach the Market Penetration Targets Fox shall in its sole discretion have the right to terminate Licensee's exclusivity under this Agreement.

A minimum of:

1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed provided that if the parties are unable to reach an agreement, Licensee's decision will prevail)

1 Java Application ('Screensaver') where feasible

5 MMS

10 Wallpapers

5 Voicetones

A minimum of:

1 2-D Java Game, which shall include mutually agreed upon 3-D elements

1 Java Application ('Screensaver') where feasible

5 MMS

10 Wallpapers

5 Voicetones

A minimum of:

1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed)

1 Java Application ('Screensaver') where feasible

5 MMS

10 Wallpapers

5 Voicetones

A minimum of:

12-D Java Game in connection with the initial theatrical release

1 3-D Java Game in connection with the DVD release

5 Java Applications ('Screensavers') (2 3-D Screensavers and 3 2-D Screensavers) in connection with the initial theatrical release

5 MMS

10 Wallpapers

5 Voicetones

Up to:

1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed provided that if the parties are unable to reach an agreement, Licensee's decision will prevail)

1 Java Application ('Screensaver') where feasible

5 MMS

10 Wallpapers

5 Voicetones, if talent agreements so allow

Licensee acknowledges and agrees Fox shall be the exclusive owner of these rights as a work made for hire.

Fox shall own all Intellectual Property Rights in and to any derivative works made from the Properties, whether or not used in the Wireless Products, including without limitation design documents, graphics, animation, music, packaging, advertising, promotional and other artwork used in connection with the development and distribution of the Wireless Products but at all times excluding the Licensee Materials as defined in Paragraph 11(c) below (collectively, the "Fox Intellectual Property").

Licensee hereby does irrevocably transfer and assign to Fox any and all Moral Rights that Licensee may have in Fox's Intellectual Property Rights in and to the PSM and the Fox Intellectual Property and any derivative works thereof and shall cause Licensee's employees and contractors, including Licensee's developers of the Wireless Products, to do likewise.

Licensee hereby does expressly assign to Fox any and all rights of paternity or integrity, rights to claim authorship, to object to any distortion, mutilation or other modification of, or other derogatory actions in relation to the PSM, the Fox Intellectual Property, and any of Fox's Intellectual Property Rights in and to the PSM and or the Fox Intellectual Property and any derivative works thereof, whether or not such would be prejudicial to Fox's honor or reputation, and any similar right, existing under judicial or statutory law of any country in the world, or under any treaty ("Moral Rights"), regardless of whether such right is denominated or generally referred to as a moral right.

All materials created hereunder shall be prepared by an employee-for-hire of Licensee under Licensee's sole supervision, responsibility and monetary obligation, or, if third parties who are not employees of Licensee, including without limitation all software developers developing the Wireless Products contribute to the creation of any Fox Intellectual Property, Licensee shall obtain from such third parties a full written assignment of rights so that all right, title and interest in the Fox Intellectual Property shall vest in Fox.

Licensee further agrees to execute one or more copyright assignments at Fox's request, or any other subsequent document as further evidence of this assignment, and to cooperate with Fox in perfecting the assignment of any rights to the Fox Intellectual Property, and hereby appoints Fox as its attorney-in-fact to execute any documents required in connection with such assignment.

Except as otherwise specifically stated herein with respect to the Wireless Products, Licensee shall have no right to develop, manufacture, reproduce, distribute, sell or exploit any other products based on the PSM or the Property.

the PSM in each Property, solely for the purpose of developing the wireless applications specifically set forth for each of the Properties on Exhibits B through M attached hereto ("Wireless Products"), some of which Wireless Products are defined in the Glossary attached hereto as Exhibit N.

Fox grants to Licensee a limited, exclusive (except as otherwise may be provided in this Agreement), non-transferable (except as permitted in Paragraph 17(d)) right and license to use, make, have made (as set forth in Paragraph 1(a)(i) below), reproduce, modify, and create derivative works of

In the event Fox provides such termination notice to Licensee, Licensee hereby grants Fox a license to the Licensee Materials in order for Fox to distribute the Wireless Products that Licensee has developed for distribution in Japan prior to such termination, either directly or through a third-party.

Licensee hereby grants all licenses to Fox to enable Fox to provide Wireless Products to VGSL and T-Mobile for distribution to VGSL and T-Mobile subscribers outside of the United States in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and shall further deliver such Wireless Products to VGSL and T-Mobile on behalf of Fox.

Subject to Fox's compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including its payment obligations in accordance with Section 7, Licensee hereby grants to Fox a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as permitted in Section 17(d)), right to distribute Licensee Materials (as defined in Paragraph 11 (c)) to VGSL and T-Mobile, solely as incorporated into Wireless Products, and to authorize VGSL and T-Mobile to distribute such Wireless Products to end users outside of the United States

Furthermore, Fox grants to Licensee a limited, exclusive (except as may otherwise be provided in this Agreement), non-transferable (except as permitted in Paragraph 17(d)) right and license to make, have made, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, advertise, promote, distribute, sell and license the Wireless Products, including any PSM included therein, solely (i) for use on mobile or cellular telephones (the "Wireless Platform"); (ii) in the Territory (as defined in Paragraph 3), (iii) during the Term (as defined in Paragraph 4), (iv) for distribution by Licensee through the Distribution Channels (as defined in Paragraph 2(c)) granted herein; and (v) by means of periodic subscription fee, a per-download basis, or through a retail purchase.

Fox grants to Licensee a limited, exclusive (except as otherwise may be provided in this Agreement), non-transferable (except as permitted in Paragraph 17(d)) right and license to use, make, have made (as set forth in Paragraph 1(a)(i) below), reproduce, modify, and create derivative works of

Subject to Fox's compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including its payment obligations in accordance with Section 7, Licensee hereby grants to Fox a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as permitted in Section 17(d)), right to distribute Licensee Materials (as defined in Paragraph 11 (c)) to VGSL and T-Mobile, solely as incorporated into Wireless Products, and to authorize VGSL and T-Mobile to distribute such Wireless Products to end users outside of the United States.

Furthermore, Fox grants to Licensee a limited, exclusive (except as may otherwise be provided in this Agreement), non-transferable (except as permitted in Paragraph 17(d)) right and license to make, have made, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, advertise, promote, distribute, sell and license the Wireless Products, including any PSM included therein, solely (i) for use on mobile or cellular telephones (the "Wireless Platform"); (ii) in the Territory (as defined in Paragraph 3), (iii) during the Term (as defined in Paragraph 4), (iv) for distribution by Licensee through the Distribution Channels (as defined in Paragraph 2(c)) granted herein; and (v) by means of periodic subscription fee, a per-download basis, or through a retail purchase.

the PSM in each Property, solely for the purpose of developing the wireless applications specifically set forth for each of the Properties on Exhibits B through M attached hereto ("Wireless Products"), some of which Wireless Products are defined in the Glossary attached hereto as Exhibit N.

Upon the expiration of the Sell Off Period, Licensee agrees to destroy all such remaining inventory and confirm same in writing to Fox (and require that any Licensed CSP do the same).

Any revenues, credits or other consideration received by Licensee for the Wireless Products during the Sell Off Period will be subject to Licensee's obligation to pay Fox Royalties pursuant to Paragraph 7 above.

Notwithstanding Paragraph 15(b), in the event of termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall have a period of ***** from the date of such termination (unless such termination occurs less than ***** prior to the expiration of this Agreement in which case the time period shall be shortened accordingly so as not to exceed the date of expiration) in which to sell-off existing inventory of Wireless Products already in the Distribution Channels ("Sell Off Period").

Each party shall keep accurate and complete books and records as they relate hereto for the greater of three years from the Effective Date or two years from the termination or expiration of the Term.

In the event of termination or expiration of this Agreement or Licensee's loss of exclusive rights under this Agreement, Fox shall be free to create and exploit, or have a third party create or exploit, wireless products which may be similar to those developed and distributed by Licensee pursuant to this Agreement for the Properties.

On reasonable notice, each party shall have the right to examine said books and records; provided that such examination will be made no more than twice in any given twelve month period, and shall be made during normal business hours.

No legal action shall be brought by Licensee under this Agreement unless commenced within 12 months from the date the cause of action arose.

THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH 14 SET FORTH EACH PARTY'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE OBLIGATIONS AND REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY KIND UNLESS OTHERWISE STIPULATED BY JUDICIAL ORDER.

In the event of termination of this Agreement and without limitation of Fox's rights and remedies all of which are expressly reserved, the following payment penalties shall apply: (i) if termination occurs in the first year of the Term, Licensee shall forfeit any Guarantee paid, and shall immediately pay any remaining Guarantee, up to the amount of ***** dollars (US$*****), and any Guarantee payments made in excess of ***** dollars ($*****) shall be refunded by Fox to Licensee; and (ii) if termination occurs in the second year of the Term, Licensee shall forfeit any Guarantee paid, and shall immediately pay any remaining portion of the Guarantee then unpaid, up to the amount of ***** dollars (US$*****). An

Licensee hereby does forever waive and agree never to assert any and all Moral Rights it may have in Fox's Intellectual Property Rights in and to the PSM and the Fox Intellectual Property and any derivative works thereof and shall cause its employees and contractors (including the developers) to do likewise.

Licensee acknowledges that Fox is the owner of all right, title and interest in and to the PSM and the Properties, and further acknowledges the great value of the goodwill associated with the PSM and the Properties and that the PSM and the Properties have acquired secondary meaning in the mind of the public and that the trademarks and copyrights included in the PSM and the Properties, and the registrations thereof, are valid and subsisting, and further agrees that it shall not during the Term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter dispute or contest directly or indirectly, or do or cause to be done any act which in any way contests, impairs or tends to impair Fox's

exclusive rights and title to the PSM and the Properties, or the validity thereof or the validity of this Agreement, and shall not assist others in so doing.

AGENCY AGREEMENT

sales agent

El Banco Financial Corporation

Agent

"Agent" or "you"

Company

, 2006

, 2006

This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.

THIS AGREEMENT IS TO BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA (WITHOUT REGARD TO THOSE LAWS RELATING TO CHOICE OF LAW) APPLYING TO CONTRACTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED WITHIN THE STATE OF GEORGIA.

The fee shall be equal to 5.2% of the "gross proceeds" received in the Offering attributable to the efforts of the Agent.

In the event the Company is unable to sell a minimum of 1,875,000 Shares on or before June 30, 2007, this Agreement shall terminate and the Company shall cause the Escrow Agent (as defined below) to refund to any persons who have subscribed for any of the Shares the full amount it received from them, without interest, as set forth in the Prospectus; and none of the parties to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other parties hereunder, except as set forth in this Section 2 and in Sections 8, 10, and 11.

SPONSORED RESEARCH AND LICENSE AGREEMENT

ArTara, Inc.

University

ArTara

The University of Iowa

November 28, 2018

November 28, 2018

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Iowa.

University hereby grants to ArTara an exclusive Right of Reference to all Program Regulatory Filings by University in support of the Product.

University hereby grants to ArTara an exclusive license to use the Program Data solely for the Project and in Regulatory Filings in the Field in the Territory.

Either Party may terminate the Project and all commitments and obligations with respect thereto, subject to Section 8.3 herein, upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other Party.

This Agreement may be terminated by ArTara upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to University.

Richard Smith, MD will be given first consideration as a principal investigator for all new Product or Product- related clinical studies, in addition to other sites provided final site selection will be based on the best interest of the Project.

No Party may assign any rights under this Agreement or delegate any duties hereunder without the prior written consent of the other Party.

Royalties will be payable by ArTara on Net Sales of Product in the Indication. ArTara will, no later than [***] following the close of each calendar quarter, pay tiered Royalties based on annual Net Sales of Product in the Indication as set forth below:

Annual Net Sales of Product for the Indication Annual Royalty Rate Percent Net Sales

$0 - $25,000,000 1.75%

>$25,000,000 - $50,000,000 2.25%

>$50,000,000 2.50%

Upon written request of ArTara, University will assign the IND to ArTara.

All intellectual property or patentable inventions arising out of or in connection with the Project that are discovered or invented jointly by Principal Investigator and ArTara shall be considered Joint Intellectual Property and shall be jointly owned by the University and ArTara.

University hereby grants to ArTara an exclusive license to use the Program Data solely for the Project and in Regulatory Filings in the Field in the Territory.

In the event of any termination of the Project by University, (a) University agrees to complete Phase I and II of the Project, and (b) ArTara will continue to provide annual funding until the completion of Phase II.

Upon termination of the Project by ArTara this Agreement will terminate subject to Section 8.3 and ArTara will reassign to University the IND if assignment thereof previously occurred pursuant to Section 4.3.

University will provide ArTara and CRO the opportunity to examine the originals of medical records and supporting records for the Program Data at the University during normal business hours and at mutually agreeable times.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN A DIRECT ACTION BETWEEN THE PARTIES FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS) SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY.

Insurance policies purchased to comply with this Article Seven will be kept in force for at least [***] after the last sale of licensed Product.

The insurance will include coverage for product liability with a minimum of [***] dollars ($[***]) per occurrence and [ ***] dollars ($[***]) annual aggregate, coverage for contractual liability, clinical trials liability if any such trial is performed, bodily injury and property damage, including completed operations, personal injury, coverage for contractual employees, blanket contractual and products, and all other coverages standard for such policies.

ArTara, Affiliates, and sublicensees will obtain and maintain commercial general liability insurance with a reputable and financially secure insurance carrier prior to clinical testing, making, using, importing, offering to sell, or selling any licensed Product or engaging in any other act involving any licensed Product or the patent rights, if such act could possibly create risk of a claim against University Indemnitees for personal injury or property damage.

Such insurance will additionally include errors and omissions insurance with a minimum of [***] dollars ($[***]) per occurrence.

The insurance will identify University Indemnitees as additional insureds and will provide that the carrier will notify University in writing at least [***] prior to cancellation, non-renewal, or material change in coverage. Should ArTara fail to obtain replacement insurance providing comparable coverage within such [***] period, University will have the right to termination this Agreement effective as of the end of the [***] period without notice or any additional cure period.

At University's request, such request to be made no more than annually, ArTara will provide University with a certificate of insurance and notices of subsequent renewals for its insurance and that of Affiliates extended rights under this Agreement and of sublicensees.

License and Development Agreement

(Licensor and Licensee each a Party collectively the Parties)

NLS-1 Pharma AG

Eurofarma Laboratrios S.A.

"Licensee" / "Eurofarma"

"Licensor" / "NLS"

Effective Date shall be the date of the last signature on the last page of this Agreement.

This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Netherlands, excluding its rules of conflicts of law and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods dated 11 April 1980 (CISG), as amended from time to time.

During the entire validity of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to License an exclusive and royaltyfree right to use the Trademark in

Subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in this Agreement, the Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee, and the Licensee hereby accepts, (i) an exclusive, fee-bearing, non-transferable distribution right of the Licensed Product in the Territory during the Term (the "Distribution"), (ii) an exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable license to the Licensor's Patents and Trademarks to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, have commercialized, promote, have promoted, distribute, have distributed, sell and have sold the Licensed Product during the Term, without the right to sublicense (the "License"), and (iii) an exclusive, royalty-bearing, non-transferable license to the Intellectual Property (except Patents and Trademarks ) and the Developed Intellectual Property and a right to obtain the technology transfer of the Know-How to manufacture the Licensed Product in the Territory during the Term, pursuant to the conditions set forth in Article 2.3 below and elsewhere in this Agreement (the "Technology Transfer"), all to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, have commercialized, promote, have promoted, distribute, have distributed, manufacture, have manufactured, sell and have sold the Licensed Product during the Term, without the right to sublicense.

In the event of a Change of Control of the Licensor, the Agreement may be terminated by Licensee

In the event of a Change of Control of the Licensee, the Agreement may be terminated by Licensor with immediate effect without any compensation to Licensee or to any other parties.

This Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred, nor may any right or obligations hereunder be assigned or transferred, by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, that Licensor may, without such consent, assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to an Affiliate or in connection with the transfer or sale of all or substantially all of its assets related to the Licensed Product or the business relating thereto, or in the event of its merger or consolidation or change in control or similar transaction.

Licensee shall not be entitled to assign the License or any of its rights under this Agreement or to grant any sub-licenses.

For the Technology Transfer and as applicable for the License granted by NLS to Eurofarma under article 2.1(iii) hereabove, Eurofarma shall pay to NLS royalty payments (the "Royalties") on the annual Net Sales in the Territory according to the following table:

Annual Net Sales in the Territory in USD:

Royalty in Percent of Net Sales under 10 million 7% 10 million to < 20 million 8% 20 million to < 30 million 9% 30 million and above 10%

During the entire validity of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to License an exclusive and royaltyfree right to use the Trademark in the Territory.

Subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in this Agreement, the Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee, and the Licensee hereby accepts, (i) an exclusive, fee-bearing, non-transferable distribution right of the Licensed Product in the Territory during the Term (the "Distribution"), (ii) an exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable license to the Licensor's Patents and Trademarks to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, have commercialized, promote, have promoted, distribute, have distributed, sell and have sold the Licensed Product during the Term, without the right to sublicense (the "License"), and (iii) an exclusive, royalty-bearing, non-transferable license to the Intellectual Property (except Patents and Trademarks ) and the Developed Intellectual Property and a right to obtain the technology transfer of the Know-How to manufacture the Licensed Product in the Territory during the Term, pursuant to the conditions set forth in Article 2.3 below and elsewhere in this Agreement (the "Technology Transfer"), all to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, have commercialized, promote, have promoted, distribute, have distributed, manufacture, have manufactured, sell and have sold the Licensed Product during the Term, without the right to sublicense.

The Licensee hereby grants to the Licensor an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use of any Licensee Know-how.

Subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in this Agreement, the Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee, and the Licensee hereby accepts, (i) an exclusive, fee-bearing, non-transferable distribution right of the Licensed Product in the Territory during the Term (the "Distribution"), (ii) an exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable license to the Licensor's Patents and Trademarks to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, have commercialized, promote, have promoted, distribute, have distributed, sell and have sold the Licensed Product during the Term, without the right to sublicense (the "License"), and (iii) an exclusive, royalty-bearing, non-transferable license to the Intellectual Property (except Patents and Trademarks ) and the Developed Intellectual Property and a right to obtain the technology transfer of the Know-How to manufacture the Licensed Product in the Territory during the Term, pursuant to the conditions set forth in Article 2.3 below and elsewhere in this Agreement (the "Technology Transfer"), all to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, have commercialized, promote, have promoted, distribute, have distributed, manufacture, have manufactured, sell and have sold the Licensed Product during the Term, without the right to sublicense.

Licensee may extend the rights granted herein to register, import, export, store, handle, commercialize, promote, distribute and sell to its Affiliates and to its Distributors, provided that Licensee shall first provide to Licensor a written assurance from each of such Affiliate or Distributor to agree to be bound by, and to strictly comply with, all applicable terms, conditions, and obligations in this Agreement towards Licensor.

The Licensee hereby grants to the Licensor an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use of any Licensee Know-how.

In case of termination of the Agreement, NLS and Eurofarma shall immediately work on a transition out plan, with activities and timelines agreed by the Parties to ensure a proper handover of the Licensed Product so that its market position and the obligations to prescribers, patients and regulatory authorities are fulfilled in accordance with Eurofarma best practices.

The expiration or termination of the Agreement shall have the following consequences: (i) The Licensee shall cease to use the License and cease to conduct any activities that would require the License, unless explicitly stated otherwise in this Article. (ii) Licensee or Affiliates or Distributors may sell off all previously purchased Licensed Products still in their warehouses within a period of six (6) months of the effective date of such termination (the "Sell-Off Period") provided that the sale of such Licensed Products by Licensee or Affiliates or Distributors of the Licensee shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement, including but not limited to the rendering of reports and payment of royalties required under this Agreement. (iii) Promptly upon the request of Licensor, the Licensee shall, at the Licensor's sole discretion and election for each country of the Territory and each Licensed Product either withdraw or transfer all Marketing Authorizations in the Territory to the Licensor (or to a third party as the Licensor directs). Licensee shall take the required steps without any delay and the withdrawal or transfer shall be completed in maximum 90 days after the notification of the request; if the Licensor does not decide and inform within this period to whom the Marketing Authorizations and documents shall be transferred, then the Licensee shall have no obligation to keep them active

Upon expiration or termination, Eurofarma shall i) immediately transfer the MAs to the Licensor or to any other party designated by the Licensor and return all relevant documents prepared or submitted that are related to the MAs, including those documents, data or information generated post MA filings, in maximum 30 days after the notification of termination; if the Licensor does not decide and inform within this period to whom the MAs and documents shall be transferred, then the Licensee shall have no obligation to keep them actives ii) shall forfeit its ownership of the MAs in any and all of the countries of the Territory and with other regulatory agencies, without any form of compensation except for the compensation under the conditions set forth in Article 19.2 below and, iii) shall have no further claims of ownership and nor any other claims related to the MAs.

Subject to a written advance notice of thirty (30) calendar days, all relevant records supporting the preparation of the Reports shall be made available during normal business hours for inspection at the expense of Licensor by Licensor or by a selected representative of Licensor for the sole purpose of verifying the Reports and the accuracy of the payments made or due to Licensor under this Agreement.

Such records shall be retained by the Licensee for ten (10) years following a given reporting period.

In addition, neither Party shall be liable for any claim under this Agreement which is capable of remedy, unless and until the other Party has given such Party written notice containing full details of the breach and such Party has failed to remedy the breach within sixty (60) days of receipt of the notice.

Either Party shall only be liable for direct losses incurred by the other Party as a direct consequence of a negligent or intentional breach of this Agreement by such liable Party, and shall not be liable for any punitive or indirect damages, losses caused by business interruptions, loss of revenues, loss of profit, damages and loss of goodwill, or any reputational damages, and both Parties waive any claims to such losses.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

PPD Development, LP

VirtualScopics, Inc.

VS

PPD

October 22, 2010

October 22, 2010

The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.

Upon expiration of the Initial Term, unless written notice to the contrary is provided by one party to the other party at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term, this Agreement shall be renewed for additional, successive periods of one (1) year each (each a "Renewal" and together with the Initial Term, collectively, the "Term").

Upon expiration of the Initial Term, unless written notice to the contrary is provided by one party to the other party at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term, this Agreement shall be renewed for additional, successive periods of one (1) year each (each a "Renewal" and together with the Initial Term, collectively, the "Term").

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.

During the Term of this Agreement, except as otherwise permitted by this Section 3(a)(v), VS agrees that it shall not enter into the same or substantially similar Commitments with any other company or entity which performs clinical research services the same or similar to those provided by PPD or any PPD affiliate (collectively, "PPD Competitor"), nor shall VS provide preferred pricing to a PPD Competitor which is better than that provided by VS hereunder to PPD.

During the Term of this Agreement, except as otherwise permitted by this Section 3(a)(v), VS agrees that it shall not enter into the same or substantially similar Commitments with any other company or entity which performs clinical research services the same or similar to those provided by PPD or any PPD affiliate (collectively, "PPD Competitor"), nor shall VS provide preferred pricing to a PPD Competitor which is better than that provided by VS hereunder to PPD.

Further, during the Term of this Agreement, PPD agrees that it shall not enter into commitments which are the same or substantially similar to the PPD commitments set forth in Section 3 with any other imaging vendor for the performance of Preferred Services.

Neither party will solicit for employment any employee of the other party during the active term of this Agreement and further, where applicable, the term of any active Work Order.

Either party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other party, provided, however, that all outstanding Work Orders shall continue to be governed by the terms and conditions hereof.

In the event that, during the Term of this Agreement, VS desires to enter into the same or substantially similar Commitments with a PPD Competitor for imaging services outside of the Designated Therapeutic Areas (defined herein or in any amendment hereto), VS shall first notify PPD regarding the same and PPD shall have a right, for a period of 45 days following receipt of such notice (the "Election Period"), to elect to include such imaging services as "Preferred Services" hereunder (the "Right of First Refusal").

VS shall not refer that opportunity to any other third party provider unless PPD declines to bid on such opportunity or does not offer the service in question.

Unless otherwise required by a particular Sponsor, PPD shall not refer that opportunity to any other third party provider unless VS declines to bid on such opportunity or does not offer the service in question.

PPD shall further be permitted to terminate this Agreement or a relevant Work Order, immediately, for cause, upon the occurrence of any of the following:

(c) a change of ownership equal to fifty percent (50%) or more in the outstanding voting securities of VS; (d) the acquisition of a number of VS's outstanding voting securities by a PPD Competitor that would require disclosure by such PPD Competitor pursuant to Rule 13d-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (a "Significant Ownership Position"); (e) a change in any VS Key Leadership Position.

Neither party shall have the right to assign this Agreement or any Work Order or to assign any rights thereunder without the prior written consent of the other party.

Any unauthorized attempt to assign or delegate any portion of this Agreement or any Work Order shall be void.

Additionally, VS shall assist PPD (or Sponsor), at PPD's (or Sponsor's) sole cost and expense, in obtaining or extending protection therefor.

Unless otherwise addressed in an Intellectual Property Amendment, PPD hereby assigns to VS all rights that PPD may have in any invention, technology, know-how or other intellectual property which is developed with use of Confidential Information provided to PPD by VS.

Unless otherwise addressed in an Intellectual Property Amendment, VS hereby assigns to PPD (or Sponsor as the case may be) all rights that VS may have in any invention, technology, know-how or other intellectual property which is developed with use of Confidential Information provided to VS by PPD.

VS shall cooperate with any internal reviews or audits by PPD or Sponsor (or its and their representatives) and shall make available for examination and duplication, during normal business hours and at mutually agreeable times, all documentation, data and information relating to this Agreement or any Work Order.

EXCEPT WITH REGARD TO A PARTY'S BREACH OF SECTION 9, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT AND INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS RELATED TO THIRD PARTY CLAIMS PURSUANT TO SECTION 12, EACH PARTY'S ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THREE TIMES (3X) THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE WORK ORDER UNDER WHICH THE CLAIM AROSE.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OR FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, INTERRUPTION OF SERVICE OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATORY PROFITS, EVEN IF A PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN APPRISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING, IN EACH CASE ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DEFAULT OR BREACH OF OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ATTACHMENTS HERETO.

EXCEPT WITH REGARD TO A PARTY'S BREACH OF SECTION 9, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT AND INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS RELATED TO THIRD PARTY CLAIMS PURSUANT TO SECTION 12, EACH PARTY'S ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THREE TIMES (3X) THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE WORK ORDER UNDER WHICH THE CLAIM AROSE.

VS represents and warrants that it has and will maintain during the Term of this Agreement and, additionally, where applicable, during the term of any active Work Order, and for a period of two (2) years following expiration or termination of either, insurance in the types and limits generally accepted in the industry.

MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT

PREMIER NUTRITION CORPORATION

Stremicks Heritage Foods, LLC

Premier

(each a "Party", collectively, the "Parties").

Heritage

first day of July, 2017 (

first day of July, 2017

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").

The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").

All matters relating to this Agreement, the rights of the Parties hereunder and the construction of the terms hereof shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles.

This Agreement is not assignable or transferable by either Party, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however that Premier may assign this Agreement in the event that Premier is sold, merged into or with another entity, or undergoes a "change in control".

If the final production quantity for any accepted PO is less than [***] of the PO quantity ordered, or if the quantity of production released for shipment within [***] from the last day of production is less than [***] of the PO quantity, upon request by Premier, Heritage shall take all commercially reasonable steps to produce or replace the shortfall within [***].

During the Term of this Agreement, Premier shall be required to purchase a Minimum Annual Order Volume ("MAOV") of [***] ("Units") for each twelve-month period commencing July 1, 2017, and for the six-month period commencing July 1, 2022 and ending December 31, 2022, Premier will be required to purchase [***] Units (the twelve-month periods and the six month period are each a "Contract Period").

If the vendor's minimum order quantity for a particular material exceeds a [***] supply, then Heritage shall obtain permission from Premier to order such quantity.

In addition, Premier shall purchase all Products and ingredients, packaging and material Heritage has on hand and not previously billed to Premier at the time of the termination that are used solely for the production of the Products, if any exist.

Upon reasonable notice, and during normal operating hours, Heritage shall permit Premier or its representatives reasonable access to portions of the Heritage Facilities, the Jasper Facility or any other Facility used to produce the Products for the purpose of ascertaining Heritage's and Jasper's compliance with good manufacturing practices and Premier's Specifications and Post Holdings' Quality Expectations.

Upon reasonable notice, Heritage shall allow, and Heritage shall ensure that Japer allows, Premier access to such records during normal working hours.

Premier, shall have the right, directly or through its representative, to inspect, copy, and audit all such records upon reasonable request and during normal business hours, acknowledging that access to accounting and purchasing records will be limited to those supporting pass-through materials costs and purchases of Premier specified equipment if any.

iii. Workers' Compensation Coverage plus Occupational Disease Insurance if Occupational Disease coverage is required by the laws of the state where the Facility is located or work is to be performed. Employers Liability $[***] each accident; $[***] disease, each employee; $[***] disease, policy limit iv. Auto Liability $[***] combined single limit v. Product Recall Insurance coverage for Products determined to be in violation of laws administered by the authorized government entity who classifies the Products as unfit for intended use with limits of $[***] per policy year.

Said certificate of insurance shall require Heritage's and Jasper's insurance carrier to give Premier [***] written notice of any cancellation or change in coverage.

Premier shall remain as an additional insured on the Heritage's policies, for [***].

Heritage and Jasper shall maintain insurance of the following kinds and in the following amounts during the Term of this Agreement: i. Commercial General Liability Insurance with a limit of $[***] each occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate, including Contractual, Completed-Operations and Product-Liability Coverage with a limit of $[***] for each occurrence, covering both bodily injury and property damage liability. ii. Umbrella/Excess Liability with a limit of $[***].

e-business Hosting Agreement

Bluefly, Inc.

IBM

Services

Customer

International Business Machines Corporation

1/14/02

This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.

This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.

Each Service Option Attachment will renew automatically for an additional term equal in duration to the previous term of the applicable Service Option Attachment unless either party notifies the other party in writing at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then-current term for the applicable Service Option Attachment that it has elected to terminate such Service Option Attachment.

Each Service Option Attachment will renew automatically for an additional term equal in duration to the previous term of the applicable Service Option Attachment unless either party notifies the other party in writing at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then-current term for the applicable Service Option Attachment that it has elected to terminate such Service Option Attachment.

This Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions.

If Customer disagrees with any such changes, Customer may in its sole discretion terminate this Agreement (or some or all of the affected Service Option Attachments) without the payment of termination charges upon notice to IBM at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of the applicable change.

Customer may terminate this Agreement (including all Service Option Attachments) or any Service Option Attachment (with the exception of any Service Option Attachment that is a prerequisite for the provision of Services under a non-terminated Service Option Attachment) for convenience at the end of any calendar month by:

a.    providing at least one month's prior written notice to IBM; and

b.    paying the applicable early termination charges, if any, specified in       Attachment A and applicable Service Option Attachments.

Customer will not assign this Agreement or any of its rights hereunder without the prior written consent of IBM, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

Customer grants to IBM:

      1.    an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, paid-up license to use,             execute, reproduce, display, perform, distribute (internally and             externally) copies of, and prepare derivative works based on Type I             Materials; and       2.    the right to authorize others to do any of the same.

Each of us grants only the licenses expressly specified herein.

IBM grants Customer an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide,       paid-up license to use, execute, reproduce, display, perform, and       distribute, within Customer's Enterprise only, copies of Type II       Materials.

IBM grants Customer a nonexclusive, revocable license to use the Base Components solely in connection with the Services as provided under this Agreement.

Customer grants to IBM:

      1.    an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, paid-up license to use,             execute, reproduce, display, perform, distribute (internally and             externally) copies of, and prepare derivative works based on Type I             Materials; and       2.    the right to authorize others to do any of the same.

IBM grants Customer an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide,       paid-up license to use, execute, reproduce, display, perform, and       distribute, within Customer's Enterprise only, copies of Type II       Materials.

In no event will either party be liable to the other for special,       incidental, or indirect damages or for any consequential damages       (including lost profits or savings), even if they are informed of the       possibility; provided that this Section 10 does not apply to Customer's       failure to pay any amounts owing to IBM under this Agreement (including       amounts owing for Services that would have been rendered but for       Customer's breach of this Agreement).

This is IBM's entire obligation       to Customer with regard to any claim of infringement.

It is the cumulative maximum for which Customer and its Affiliates are collectively responsible.

It is the cumulative maximum for which IBM       and its Affiliates and Subcontractors are collectively responsible.

Neither party will bring a legal action related to this Agreement more than two years after the cause of action accrued.

Regardless of the basis on which IBM is entitled to claim damages from Customer (including fundamental breach, negligence, misrepresentation, or other contract or tort claim), Customer is liable for no more than:

a.    Indemnification payments as provided in Section 8.2;

b.    damages for bodily injury (including death) and damage to real property       and tangible personal property; and

(c) the amount of any other actual direct damages, up to the greater of $100,000 or the charges paid by Customer to IBM for the Services in the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the accrual of the first claim related to the Services.

In no event will either party be liable to the other for special,       incidental, or indirect damages or for any consequential damages       (including lost profits or savings), even if they are informed of the       possibility; provided that this Section 10 does not apply to Customer's       failure to pay any amounts owing to IBM under this Agreement (including       amounts owing for Services that would have been rendered but for       Customer's breach of this Agreement).

Regardless of the basis on which Customer is entitled to claim damages from IBM (including fundamental breach, negligence, misrepresentation, or other contract or tort claim), IBM is liable for no more than:

a.    indemnification payments as provided in Section 8.1;

b.    damages for bodily injury (including death) and damage to real property       and tangible personal property; and

c.    the amount of any other actual direct damages, up to the greater of       $100,000 or the charges paid by Customer to IBM for the Services in the       twelve (12) months immediately preceding the accrual of the first claim       related to the Services.

IBM will give       Customer a credit equal to the amount Customer paid IBM for the applicable       Materials or for use of the applicable Base Components up to a maximum of       twelve (12) months of applicable charges.

Except as expressly provided in Section 8, this Agreement does not create any intended third party beneficiary rights.

Reseller Agreement

Galaxy Telnet SRL

Telnet

695014 B.C. Ltd. dba Galaxy Telecom

Galaxy

1s t day of June, 2004.

"Effective Date" means the date first written above

1s t day of June, 2004

The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.

Thereafter, this agreement will renew automatically from year to year unless cancelled in writing by either Party giving the other written notice of such cancellation a minimum of 60 days before the end of the then current term.

Thereafter, this agreement will renew automatically from year to year unless cancelled in writing by either Party giving the other written notice of such cancellation a minimum of 60 days before the end of the then current term.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, excluding its conflict-of-laws rules.

Neither party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other.

Note 4 Unlimited calling FROM Virtual Calling Zone only. Long distance charges apply when calling to VCZ.

Table 1

  Business Partner Pricing

VoIP Services One-Time Fee Monthly Service Fee

VoIP Connectivity (per port charge)

Includes: Unlimited VoIP calls, VoIP Caller ID, Call waiting, Basic voicemail

$9.95 $5.95

VoIP Connectivity - Commpanion Galaxy Telecom Brand

With i-box subscription

Includes: Unlimited VoIP calls, VoIP Caller ID, Call waiting, Basic voicemail, 3-way Calling, Call forwarding, Do not disturb, Call hold, Auto answer, Call ignore, Call "go to voicemail", Redial, Mute

$19.95 $1.95

VoIP Connectivity - i-box Commpanion Galaxy Telecom Brand

Stand alone subscription

Includes: Unlimited VoIP calls, VoIP Caller ID, Call waiting, Basic voicemail, 3-way Calling, Call forwarding, Do not disturb, Call hold, Auto answer, Call ignore, Call "go to voicemail", Redial, Mute

$19.95 $5.95

VoIP

Upon termination of this Agreement, Galaxy may, at its sole discretion accept inventory returns of Products.

Neither Party shall be liable to the other for any damages or compensation in connection with termination of this Agreement including, without limitation, for loss of profits, loss of investment or expenditures made in reliance on this Agreement or loss of goodwill.

Telnet's sole and exclusive remedies concerning Galaxy's performance or non-performance in any matter related to this Agreement or the provisioning of the Services or Products are limited to those expressly stated in this Agreement.

Galaxy shall have no liability to Telnet, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, for any special, indirect or consequential damages or for lost profits, in any matter related to this Agreement, including but not limited to any delay or failure by Galaxy to furnish, deliver or provide Products or Services; Galaxy's liability in any matter related to Product shall be limited to the purchase price paid by Telnet for the Product with respect to which such liability relates; Galaxy's liability in any matter related to Services shall be limited to the fee paid by Telnet for the Service with respect to which the liability relates in the month or months in which the event giving rise to the liability occurred.

Telnet acknowledges Galaxy's exclusive ownership of the Galaxy name and logo as well as certain other trademarks and trade names which Galaxy uses in connection with the Products and Services (the "Trademarked Material") and agrees that Telnet will not acquire any interest in any of the Trademarked Material by virtue of this Agreement or anything done pursuant to it;

Outsourcing Base Agreement

IBM

MSL

Manufacturers' Services Western US Operations, Inc.

International Business Machines Corporation

Dated 05/05/98

EFFECTIVE DATE

                                  JUNE 1, 1998

This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall       continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in       Section 5.0.

This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the       Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless       terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.

This       Attachment will automatically be renewed for periods of six (6) months       unless either party gives twelve (12) months written notice of its intent       to terminate this Agreement.

This Agreement will automatically be renewed for periods of       twelve (12) months unless either Party gives six (6) months written       notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement.

This       Attachment will automatically be renewed for periods of six (6) months       unless either party gives twelve (12) months written notice of its intent       to terminate this Agreement.

This Agreement will automatically be renewed for periods of       twelve (12) months unless either Party gives six (6) months written       notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement.

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall       be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New       York.

This Agreement and the performance of transactions under this Agreement       shall be governed by the substantive laws of the state of New York.

IBM agrees that, for a period of [*] years from the Effective Date             of this Agreement, it will not in any way solicit for employment             any Transferred Employees without the prior written consent of MSL;             provided, however, that the foregoing will not restrict or prevent             IBM from a) employing any such person who contacts IBM on his or her             own initiative without any solicitation or encouragement from IBM             or b) by using general employment advertising or communications or             independent search firms, hiring any person who responds thereto,             provided that IBM does not direct or encourage such independent             search firms to solicit such Transferred Employees.

Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing [*] month's written       notice to the other.

outlined in Attachment 1: Statement of Work, to the extent owned or             transferable by MSL, and required by IBM to perform such functions.

In the event of termination or expiration of this Agreement             pursuant to Section 5.0 above, IBM shall have an option, which             shall expire [*] days after such termination or expiration, to             purchase from MSL, at a reasonable price agreeable to the Parties,             all assets used by MSL to perform the manufacturing and fulfillment             functions

In the event that MSL owns the tooling and has received a bona fide             third party offer to purchase any or all of the tooling, before MSL             may accept such offer, MSL shall notify IBM in writing, and IBM             shall have [*] Days after such notice to agree to purchase such             tooling on the same terms and conditions as such third party offer.

During the term of this Agreement, if MSL decides to sell a substantial       portion of its assets or operations outside the ordinary course of its       business, or to merge or transfer ownership of MSL to a third Party, MSL       will immediately notify IBM.

MSL may not assign this Agreement without IBM's prior written consent. Any       attempted assignment without such consent is void.

Neither party may assign, or otherwise transfer, its rights or delegate       its duties or obligations under this Agreement without prior written       consent.

Neither Party may assign, transfer or subcontract any rights or duties       under this Agreement without prior written approval by the other Party.       MSL may assign or subcontract all or any part of this Agreement to any MSL       Related Company with IBM's prior written consent which shall not be       unreasonably withheld or delayed. MSL may not assign or transfer any       rights or duties under this Agreement without prior written approval by       IBM.

MSL's target is [*]% defect free production.

IBM assumes and will assume ownership and MSL assigns and will assign all       intellectual and industrial property rights for hardware, software, design       and documentation of all Products delivered under this Agreement

      IBM will also own and MSL will assign any invention made by MSL on       Products, and on any invention related to IBM processes and systems that       MSL makes while MSL uses those processes and systems in the performance of       this Agreement provided that nothing herein shall restrict MSL's right to       use such inventions in the performance of its obligations hereunder.

Upon termination by IBM due to a default by MSL pursuant to Section             5.1 above, IBM shall, at its option, elect to do one of the             following:

In the event of termination or expiration of this Agreement             pursuant to Section 5.0 above, IBM shall have an option, which             shall expire [*] days after such termination or expiration, to             purchase from MSL, at a reasonable price agreeable to the Parties,             all assets used by MSL to perform the manufacturing and fulfillment             functions

Except as otherwise provided in this Subsection 3(b), upon     termination or expiration of the Agreement (or this Attachment 6, in the

Except as otherwise provided in Subsection 3(b) below, within [*]     calendar days after termination or expiration of the Agreement (or this     Attachment 6, in the event of termination in part) for any reason,     MSL shall return to IBM all MS Software Image(s) master media and all MS     Software Image documentation which has not been placed in a Product package     prior to such termination or expiration, and MSL shall provide written     notice to IBM signed by a representative certifying that MSL has fulfilled     such requirements.

ii)   require delivery of all partially completed, and completed                   Products and inventory of purchased Parts, and buy them.

outlined in Attachment 1: Statement of Work, to the extent owned or             transferable by MSL, and required by IBM to perform such functions.

During the Term of the Agreement, and for [*] years thereafter,     MSL agrees to keep all usual and proper records and books of account and     all usual and proper entries relating to each MS Software Image sufficient     to substantiate the number of copies of MS Software Image packages acquired     and placed into Product packages, the number of copies of MS Software Images     installed, and the number of Products distributed by MSL.

event of termination in part) for any reason, MSL's authority to Preload MS     Software Images and to place MS Software Image documentation in Product     packages shall immediately cease.

IBM may regularly monitor, inspect and/or audit any software installation location utilized or planned to be utilized hereunder pursuant to Section 7.0 of the Outsourcing Base Agreement.

IBM shall have the right at all reasonable times to audit and             inspect the consigned Products.

IBM shall have the option to monitor, inspect, audit and take other necessary actions in order to comply with IBM's requirements to MS regarding any of MS's Code, or documentation, used hereunder.

MSL's compliance with such processes will be subject to audit by          IBM and/or MS as provided herein in this Attachment 6 and in the          Agreement;

IBM shall             advise MSL [*] Days in advance of the scope and method by which             such audits are to be conducted. MSL will be given the opportunity             to comment upon these procedures prior to the audit taking place.

In order to verify statements issued by MSL and Subsidiaries of MSL     and compliance with the terms and conditions of this Attachment 6, IBM or MS     may, at IBM's or MS's sole discretion, cause (i) an audit to be made of     MSL's and/or MSL's Subsidiaries' books and records and/or (ii) an inspection     to be made of those portions of MSL's and/or MSL's Subsidiaries' facilities     and procedures reasonably necessary to verify such compliance. Except as     otherwise provided in the Agreement, any audit and/or inspection shall be     conducted during regular business hours at MSL's and/or MSL's Subsidiaries'     facilities, with at least forty-five (45) calendar days prior written     notice. Any audit and/or inspection shall be conducted (other than on a     contingent fee basis) by an independent certified public accountant which is     either (1) jointly selected by MSL and IBM (or MS, as applicable), (2) has     been agreed to by the Parties for any prior audit of any MSL/IBM (or MS, as     applicable) license or agreement, or (3) has been agreed to by IBM and MS     for any prior audit of any IBM/MS license or agreement.

MSL will be required to respond in writing to IBM on the             completion status of all actions and or requirements identified in             the audit report within [*] Days of receipt of the audit report.

Provide access to MSL's premises during normal business hours (with          prior notice of at least 48 hours) to inspection teams sent on behalf          of MS and/or IBM if MS or IBM has reason to believe that MSL may be in          violation of this Attachment 6, in order that such team may perform an          inspection of the MSL'S procedures to determine compliance with the          terms of this Attachment 6;

Upon completion of all audits performed, IBM will provide written             documentation to MSL of the audit results in the form of an audit             report.

MSL agrees to provide the audit or inspection team reasonable access     to the relevant MSL's and/or MSL's Subsidiaries' records and facilities for     the purpose of performing the audit.

MSL will permit IBM personnel full, free and safe access to MSL's       facilities, during normal business hours, after reasonable notice, for the       purpose of inspection and inventory as IBM deems necessary.

IBM may perform process audits at MSL's or an MSL Related Company's             Work Center or MSL's subcontractors' facilities to assure that             identified IBM specifications have been complied with.

Any     audit must be initiated within [*] years after termination or expiration of     this Attachment 6, the Agreement, or of the MS License, whichever occurs     last.

In no event shall audits be made more frequently than     semiannually unless the immediately preceding audit disclosed a material     discrepancy.

Any legal or other action related to a breach       of this Agreement must be commenced no later than [*] years from the date       of the breach in a court sited within the State of New York.

In addition, IBM will       not be liable for any damages claimed by IBM based on any third party       claim.

IBM's entire liability and MSL's exclusive remedy for actual damages from       cause whatsoever relating to the subject matter of this Agreement will be       limited to the amount of $25,000.

In no event will IBM be liable for any lost profits, lost savings,       incidental damages, or other economic consequential damages, even if IBM       has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

Neither party may bring an action, regardless of form, arising out of this       Agreement more than [*] years after the cause of action arose.

The total liability for either Party, regardless of the form of             action, whether contract or tort, is limited to three percent (3%)             of the value of the bill of materials contained in the Products             delivered to IBM and IBM Customers by MSL in the period beginning             with the Effective Date of the Agreement through the resolution of             the action.

Neither Party will be liable to the other for lost profits,             consequential, punitive, or incidental damages, even if informed of             the possibility that such damages may be incurred.

For any calendar month, if MSL fails to achieve a responsiveness, as             defined in Appendix 3, of at least [*]% for any machine type, in a             Work Center, a penalty of [*]% will be applied to that Work Center's             monthly total material cost of that machine type multiplied by             ([*]% minus actual responsiveness %).

In the case where any specific Product, shipped to IBM from MSL within any       [*] month experiences a defect rate of [*]% or greater, resulting from a       common cause due to MSL's non-conformance to specifications, drawings,       other descriptions furnished or adopted by IBM, or due to workmanship, MSL       will accept the cost of a Product Recall.

MSL will warrant all MSL Procured Parts for [*] months unless                   otherwise stated in the applicable Product Attachment, or                   agreed to by IBM in writing.

be deemed to be accepted.

All of the above described warranty periods will commence on the             date that the Products containing the above Parts are delivered to             IBM.

MSL will warrant its workmanship for [*] months unless other                   stated in the applicable Product Attachment.

If IBM has not notified MSL of any defects in a unit of Product             within [*] Days of receipt, such unit shall

IBM agrees to insure tooling       it owns.

Where possible, MSL will be jointly insured with respect to the       IBM owned tooling for its interest.

Notwithstanding Section 16.18 of the Outsourcing Base Agreement, MS is an intended third party beneficiary of this Attachment 6 only, with full rights to enforce the terms of this Attachment 6 on its own behalf, but only to the extent that the terms of this Attachment 6 pertains to the MS Software Images and related MS documentation.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

EUTECTIX, LLC

Liquidmetal

LIQUIDMETAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Eutectix

, 2020

, 2020

The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Upon the expiration of the Term, the Term shall automatically extend for successive 12-month periods until one Party terminates the Agreement by providing at least 180 days prior written notice to the other Party prior to the expiration of the then-current term or unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Either Party may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon providing 180 days prior written notice to the other Party prior to the expiration of the then-current term or unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Upon the expiration of the Term, the Term shall automatically extend for successive 12-month periods until one Party terminates the Agreement by providing at least 180 days prior written notice to the other Party prior to the expiration of the then-current term or unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

This Agreement, the legal relations between the parties, and any action, whether contractual or non-contractual, instituted by any party with respect to matters arising under or growing out of or in connection with or in respect of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Arizona (U.S.A.), excluding any choice of law rules that may direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, and except that questions affecting the construction and effect of any Patent shall be determined by the law of the country in which the Patent has been granted.

Eutectix agrees that in the event any Licensed Products shall be sold (1) to any Affiliate (as defined herein), or (2) to a corporation, firm, or association with which, or individual with whom Eutectix or its stockholders or Affiliates shall have any agreement, understanding, or arrangement (such as, among other things, an option to purchase stock, or an arrangement involving a division of profits or special rebates or allowances) without which agreement, understanding, or arrangement, prices paid by such a corporation, firm, association or individual for the Licensed Products would be higher than the Net Sales Price reported by Eutectix, or if such agreement, understanding, or arrangement results in extending to such corporation, firm, association, or individual lower prices for Licensed Products than those charged to outside concerns buying similar products in similar amounts and under similar conditions, then, and in any such events, the royalties to be paid hereunder in respect of such Licensed Products shall be computed based on an assumed or deemed Net Sales Price equal to those charged to such outside concerns.

Either Party may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon providing 180 days prior written notice to the other Party prior to the expiration of the then-current term or unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, Eutectix shall have the option to purchase some or all of the Licensed Equipment at fair market value, less any amounts owed to Eutectix by Liquidmetal, except the equipment listed under Section 2.1(b) above.

The following additional terms shall apply to Eutectix's exercise of this option: (a) Eutectix's option hereunder shall be exercisable by providing Liquidmetal with written notice of its intention to exercise its chosen option no later than the effective date of termination. Such notice shall include a description of the assets Eutectix will purchase (the "Optioned Assets"). (b) In the event that Eutectix and Liquidmetal cannot agree to a fair market value for the Optioned Assets, then the fair market value shall be determined by an independent third-party appraisal. Eutectix and Liquidmetal shall each select one independent, qualified appraiser, and the two so selected shall select a third appraiser, all three to independently from one another determine the fair market value of the Optioned Assets. The purchase price shall be the mean of the fair market values as determined by the three appraisers. (c) The closing for the purchase of the Optioned Assets will take place no later than sixty (60) days after the termination, unless the Parties cannot agree on the price, in which case, closing will take place no later than sixty (60) days after the three independent appraisals have been received. Eutectix will pay the purchase price in full at the closing. Liquidmetal must sign all documents of assignment and transfer as are reasonably necessary for purchase of the Optioned Assets by Liquidmetal. (d) In the event that Eutectix does not exercise its right to purchase the Optioned Assets as set forth above, Liquidmetal will be free to keep or to sell, after such termination to any third party, all of the Optioned Assets and shall be responsible for timely removing equipment not purchased by Eutectix at Liquidmetal's own expense. In the event Liquidmetal fails to timely remove such Optioned Assets, in light of the periods for continued operation in Section 5.4(b)(ii) and closing in Section 5.5(c), Eutectix may dispose of them, at Liquidmetal's cost, with no liability to Eutectix.

Neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder shall be transferred or assigned by either Party without the written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that Liquidmetal shall have the right, without the prior written consent of Eutectix, to assign its warranty rights and other rights hereunder with respect to specific Liquidmetal Products to the Customers of such Liquidmetal Products.

The cash commission shall be an amount equal to six percent (6.0%) of the Net Sales Price of the invoice price of Licensed Products sold by Eutectix or its permitted sublicensees and for which payment was actually received by Eutectix (the "Liquidmetal Commission").

New Process Technologies that have been developed by cooperation of the Parties shall be jointly and equally owned by the Parties, and any royalties for the use thereof by third parties shall be shared equitably between the Parties.

New Alloy Technologies that have been developed by cooperation of the Parties shall be jointly and equally owned by the Parties, and any royalties for the use thereof by third parties shall be shared equitably between the Parties.

New Application Technologies that have been developed by cooperation of the Parties shall be jointly and equally owned by the Parties, and any royalties for the use thereof by third parties shall be shared equitably between the Parties.

In consideration of the license of Liquidmetal Technical Information and the Licensed Equipment granted by Liquidmetal, Eutectix agrees to pay Liquidmetal a cash royalty based on a percentage of the invoice price of any Licensed Products (but not including Liquidmetal Products) sold by Eutectix or its permitted sublicensees and for which payment was actually received by Eutectix.

The cash royalty shall be an amount equal to six percent (6.0%) of the Net Sales Price of the invoice price of any Licensed Products and for which payment was actually received by Eutectix (the "Liquidmetal Royalty").

Provided that such referred customer is not already a Eutectix customer, Eutectix may accept such customer referral, and in that case hereby agrees to pay Liquidmetal a cash commission based on a percentage of the invoice price of Licensed Products sold by Eutectix or its permitted sublicensees and for which payment was actually received by Eutectix, in addition to the Liquidmetal Royalty.

To the extent that the Parties have jointly developed any New Amorphous Alloy Technology and they have agreed that such New Amorphous Alloy Technology will be jointly owned, as set forth in Section 8.2 above, each Party hereby assigns to the other, and will cause its employees, contractors, representatives, successors, assigns, Affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, officers and directors to assign to the other, a co-equal right, title and interest in and to any such jointly developed New Amorphous Alloy Technology. T

The Parties shall work cooperatively toward the appropriate patent or other legal protection of such jointly and equally owned Intellectual Property.

New Application Technologies that have been developed by cooperation of the Parties shall be jointly and equally owned by the Parties, and any royalties for the use thereof by third parties shall be shared equitably between the Parties

New Process Technologies that have been developed by cooperation of the Parties shall be jointly and equally owned by the Parties, and any royalties for the use thereof by third parties shall be shared equitably between the Parties.

To the extent that the Parties have jointly developed any New Amorphous Alloy Technology and they have agreed that such New Amorphous Alloy Technology will be jointly owned, as set forth in Section 8.2 above, each Party hereby assigns to the other, and will cause its employees, contractors, representatives, successors, assigns, Affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, officers and directors to assign to the other, a co-equal right, title and interest in and to any such jointly developed New Amorphous Alloy Technology.

New Alloy Technologies that have been developed by cooperation of the Parties shall be jointly and equally owned by the Parties, and any royalties for the use thereof by third parties shall be shared equitably between the Parties

New Process Technologies that have been developed by Eutectix, alone or with a third party, shall be solely owned by Eutectix, and, if permitted, Eutectix shall grant Liquidmetal a license to such New Process Technologies as set forth in Section 8.3 below.

Licensed Products may not be sold to any customer in, or to any customer for distribution into, the following countries, without Liquidmetal's prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed: Brunei, Cambodia, China (P.R.C and R.O.C.), East Timor, Indonesia, Japan, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, North Korea, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand and Vietnam.

Eutectix hereby grants to Liquidmetal a fully-paid up, royalty-free, perpetual, world-wide, non-exclusive license to any New Process Technologies in which Eutectix acquires licensing rights pursuant to Section 8.2 above.

The Parties shall negotiate in good faith a royalty-bearing, perpetual, world-wide, non-exclusive license to any New Application Technology in which they acquire rights as set forth in Section 8.2.3 above. Royalties and other terms shall be commercially reasonable and negotiated by the Parties in good faith.

Upon and subject to the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, on the Effective Date, for the consideration described in this Agreement and Eutectix's performance of its other obligations under this Agreement, Liquidmetal grants to Eutectix the right and license to use the following equipment owned by Liquidmetal (the "Licensed Equipment") (i) solely for use on Liquidmetal's behalf, (ii) for Eutectix's own limited use in the production of Liquidmetal Products (as defined below) or Licensed Products (as defined below), (iii) for the continued development of applications utilizing bulk metallic glasses in cooperation between Liquidmetal and Eutectix, and (iv) independently by Eutectix pursuant to the terms of this Agreement: (a) Two (2) Engel e-motion 310/120 injection molding machines, and associated equipment; (b) Two (2) Eontec 300-C Die Casting Machines, and associated equipment; (c) One (1) Flow M21313B Waterjet Machine; (d) Two (2) DMG Mori Milltap 700 CNC machines, and associated consumables and fixtures; (e) Equipment for cut, mount, and polish analysis operations, including: i. One (1) Struers Accutom-10 cut-off machine ii. One (1) Struers Secotom-50 precision cutting machine iii. One (1) Struers Tegramin-30 tabletop grinding machine iv. One (1) Keyence VH X-S550E microscope (f) Equipment required for vibratory deburring operations, including: i. One (1) Rosler R 125 EC-KF rotary vibrator ii. One (1) Rosler R 125 EC rotary vibrator 2

Liquidmetal grants to Eutectix during the Term of this Agreement and subject to the Field of Use Restrictions (as defined below), a royalty-bearing, worldwide, non-transferrable, non-exclusive license (or sublicense as the case may be) to the Licensed Patents (as defined below) and the Licensed Technical Information (as defined below) to make and have made, assemble and have assembled, use, sell, offer to sell, import and offer to import, export and offer to export, distribute and offer to distribute, repair, reconstruct, practice, and maintain Licensed Products in the Field (as defined below).

The licenses granted under this Agreement shall be subject to the following exclusions, conditions, restrictions, and limitations: 1. The "Field" shall exclude the following products and fields of use: a. Any Consumer Electronic Products (as defined below) or any components or sub-components suitable for use with any Consumer Electronic Products. For this purpose, "Consumer Electronic Products" means personal computers (portable and desktop); tablet or slate style computing devices; handheld electronic and/or communication devices (e.g., smartphones, digital music players, multi-function devices, etc.); any device whose function includes the creation, storage or consumption of digital media; any component or sub-component in any Consumer Electronic Product; and any accessory that is the same or similar (in the sole discretion of Apple, Inc.) to an accessory made or sold by or on behalf of Apple (regardless of when Apple sold or started to sell such accessory, including after date of the closing of the Proposed Transaction) that is suitable for use with any Consumer Electronic Product. b. Any watches or components for watches. c. Finished or semi-finished Jewelry, and also any other products that are sold under the name of a Luxury Brand or incorporated into products that are sold under the name of a Luxury Brand, including without limitation (a) buckles for belts, briefcases, handbags, and clothing; and (b) cigarette lighters and cigar cutters. For purposes hereof, the term "Jewelry" means rings, necklaces, pins, cufflinks, and other objects that are ornamental in nature and used for adornment of the human body. "Luxury Brands" shall not include brands owned or used by Nokia, Motorola, Samsung, LG, Sony-Ericsson, Apple, RIM, HTC or similar companies that supply mobile phones and accessories to the mass-market. Otherwise, "Luxury Brands" consist of the following brands and any other similar, renowned luxury brand which is used as the sole or primary brand on a competitive product sold at similar price point:

(g) Equipment required for passivation operations, including: i. One (1) ESMA, Inc. E782C ultrasonic cleaning system (h) One (1) Dry Cooler D455 chill water system; (i) One (1) MTS 810 MTS mechanical testing frame; and (j) Molds and fixtures needed for production of sample parts.

Liquidmetal grants to Eutectix during the Term of this Agreement and subject to the Field of Use Restrictions (as defined below), a royalty-bearing, worldwide, non-transferrable, non-exclusive license (or sublicense as the case may be) to the Licensed Patents (as defined below) and the Licensed Technical Information (as defined below) to make and have made, assemble and have assembled, use, sell, offer to sell, import and offer to import, export and offer to export, distribute and offer to distribute, repair, reconstruct, practice, and maintain Licensed Products in the Field (as defined below).

The foregoing Licensed Patents and Licensed Technical Information shall not include the right to sublicense the Licensed Patents and Licensed Technical Information without the prior written consent of Liquidmetal. F

The Parties shall negotiate in good faith a royalty-bearing, perpetual, world-wide, non-exclusive license to any New Application Technology in which they acquire rights as set forth in Section 8.2.3 above. Royalties and other terms shall be commercially reasonable and negotiated by the Parties in good faith.

Eutectix hereby grants to Liquidmetal a fully-paid up, royalty-free, perpetual, world-wide, non-exclusive license to any New Process Technologies in which Eutectix acquires licensing rights pursuant to Section 8.2 above.

Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, Eutectix shall have the option to purchase some or all of the Licensed Equipment at fair market value, less any amounts owed to Eutectix by Liquidmetal, except the equipment listed under Section 2.1(b) above

In the event this Agreement expires or is terminated for any reason other than a breach by Eutectix, Liquidmetal shall purchase from Eutectix existing raw material inventory at the purchase price (including delivery charges) paid by Eutectix to its suppliers in connection with the Orders accepted by Eutectix hereunder.

To the extent any insurance coverage required under this Agreement is purchased on a "claims-made" basis, such insurance shall cover all prior acts of Eutectix during the term of this Agreement, and such insurance shall be continuously maintained until at least two (2) years beyond the expiration or termination of the term of this Agreement, or Eutectix shall purchase "tail" coverage, effective upon termination of any such policy or upon termination or expiration of the term of this Agreement, to provide coverage for at least two (2) years from the occurrence of either such event.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, with regard to orders received and accepted by Eutectix before expiration or notice of termination, Eutectix may finish making any products in process, may conclude any orders in process, including finishing manufacturing of such products and shipping such products to the customer for up to 6 months after termination or expiration of this Agreement;

Upon reasonable prior notice to Eutectix and at Liquidmetal's expense, no more than once per year, during the Term of this Agreement and for one (1) year following the expiration or termination of this Agreement, Liquidmetal or its designee shall have the right from time to time to confirm and validate: (a) that Eutectix has complied with the pricing provisions of this Agreement; (b) Eutectix's financial condition, successorship planning, and ability to continue operations; (c) that Eutectix's performance is consistent with the Agreement; (d) that Eutectix has complied with Article 10 (Compliance) of this Agreement.

Upon reasonable prior notice to Eutectix and at Liquidmetal's expense, no more than once per year, during the Term of this Agreement and for one (1) year following the expiration or termination of this Agreement, Liquidmetal or its designee shall have the right from time to time to confirm and validate: (a) that Eutectix has complied with the pricing provisions of this Agreement; (b) Eutectix's financial condition, successorship planning, and ability to continue operations; (c) that Eutectix's performance is consistent with the Agreement; (d) that Eutectix has complied with Article 10 (Compliance) of this Agreement. Upon reasonable and prior notice to Eutectix, Eutectix will also provide Liquidmetal or its designee from time to time with reasonable access to Eutectix's facility and the facilities of its sub-suppliers and other subcontractors to permit Liquidmetal to inspect the production, handling, and storage of Liquidmetal Products and the Licensed Equipment and inventories of raw materials and components. Eutectix shall maintain an orderly storage bookkeeping so that the respective inventory of the Licensed Equipment, Liquidmetal Products and property of Liquidmetal can be immediately recognized; and (e) such confirmation and validation to be conducted with minimal disruption to Eutectix's business operations and all information disclosed during such exercise to be deemed to be Confidential Information.

The Licensed Equipment: (a) is and shall remain the sole property of Liquidmetal, (b) shall be made available for reasonable inspection upon at least three (3) weeks prior written request by Liquidmetal, such inspection not to occur more than once per year during the Term, to be conducted with minimal business disruption to Eutectix and to be conducted at Liquidmetal's sole cost and expense and

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, OR ANY OTHER INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ORDER, OR OUT OF THE PERFORMANCE OR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ORDER, EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Unless Liquidmetal notifies Eutectix that the Liquidmetal Product does not meet the Specifications within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of the Liquidmetal Product, then the Liquidmetal Product shall be deemed Accepted.

Eutectix shall, at its own expense: (c) keep the Licensed Equipment in a suitable place, safe from loss or damage; (d) subscribe to an insurance policy from an insurance company reasonably acceptable to Eutectix covering the Licensed Equipment at full replacement value against fire, theft and such other normal business risks, with a waiver of subrogation in favor of Liquidmetal and with Liquidmetal to be named as an additional insured and loss payee, and provide, upon receipt of a written request from Liquidmetal, a certificate evidencing such insurance, and comply with all requirements associated with such insurance policy;

To the extent any insurance coverage required under this Agreement is purchased on a "claims-made" basis, such insurance shall cover all prior acts of Eutectix during the term of this Agreement, and such insurance shall be continuously maintained until at least two (2) years beyond the expiration or termination of the term of this Agreement, or Eutectix shall purchase "tail" coverage, effective upon termination of any such policy or upon termination or expiration of the term of this Agreement, to provide coverage for at least two (2) years from the occurrence of either such event.

Eutectix shall obtain, pay for, and maintain insurance meeting or exceeding the minimum insurance requirements set forth on Schedule 2 attached hereto, with policy terms satisfactory to Liquidmetal.

Eutectix shall obtain, pay for, and maintain in full force and effect throughout the term of this Agreement insurance as follows: (a) Workers' Compensation and Employers' Liability insurance with limits to conform with the greater of the amount required by applicable law or one million dollars ($1,000,000) each accident, including occupational disease coverage and an endorsement to the Workers' Compensation and Employers' Liability insurance policy, in form acceptable to Liquidmetal, containing a waiver of subrogation by the insurance carrier with respect to Liquidmetal and its parent, subsidiaries, divisions and Affiliates, and all of their respective directors, officers, shareholders, employees and representatives; (b) Commercial General Liability insurance with limits of not less than five million dollars ($5,000,000) combined single limit for bodily injury, death, and property damage, including personal injury, contractual liability, independent contractors, broad- form property damage, and products and completed operations coverage; and, (c) Commercial Automobile Liability insurance with limits of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) each occurrence combined single limit of liability for bodily injury, death, and property damage, including owned and non-owned and hired automobile coverages, as applicable.

Eutectix's liability under the Agreement shall not be limited or modified in any way by the amount or terms of any insurance it is required to maintain hereunder.

SUPPLIER/SUBCONTRACTOR CONTRACT

PLAYBOY.COM, INC.

SUPPLIER

PURCHASER

Supplier further agrees that it will not produce,  cause to be produced or assist in the production of more units than are specified by Purchaser nor will Supplier produce, cause to be produced or assist in the production of any product or item not specifically requested by Purchaser using any  or all of the Playboy Properties or any trademark, copyright, designations, names, phrases, designs or symbols similar to  any or all of the Playboy Properties during or at any time after the completion of merchandise requested by this Contract.

Playboy is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Contract.

Road Transportation Agreement

Party A (Shipper): ZTO Express Co., Ltd.

Party B (Carrier): Tonglu Tongze Logistics Ltd.

December 22, 2014

December 22, 2014

This Agreement takes effect upon the signatures and seals of both Parties in triplicate.

Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.

Unless otherwise approved by Party A, in the event of parcel transfer due to Party B's vehicle delay, Party B shall pay liquidated damages to Party A at the standard rate of RMB500 per trip on the first working day, RMB1,000 per trip on the second working day and RMB2,000 per trip on the third working day (based on the time records on the parcel transfer documents) and such liquidated damages will be deducted from the current month's freight.

Party B shall pay one-month freight as liquidated damages in case of termination of the Agreement without consent.

The coverage of third-party liability insurance shall not be lower than RMB1 million.

In addition to vehicle personnel insurance, Party B shall at least purchase injury insurance for two persons with coverage not lower than RMB500,000 per person.

Party B shall purchase sufficient insurance for the transportation vehicles.

CO-BRANDING AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENT

2TheMart

I-ESCROW, INC.

2THEMART.COM, INC.

i-Escrow

June 21, 1999

June 21, 1999

The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.

A party wishing to renew this Agreement shall give the other party notice thereof no less than thirty (30) days before the expiration of the term then in effect.

In the event that either party does not give such notice, the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for another one (1) year.

A party wishing to renew this Agreement shall give the other party notice thereof no less than thirty (30) days before the expiration of the term then in effect.

In the event that either party does not give such notice, the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for another one (1) year.

This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to conflict of laws principles.

i-Escrow shall not run banner advertisements on the Co-Branded Site for any of 2TheMart's competitors.

If a majority of the equity securities of either 2TheMart or i-Escrow, Inc. (except that i-Escrow may sell all or a majority of its equity securities or voting interests to i-Escrow.com, and i-Escrow.com may sell all or a majority of its equity securities or voting interests to i-Escrow's existing shareholders, without triggering the foregoing) are acquired by another company during the term of this Agreement either company may terminate this Agreement, without liability, by giving a thirty (30) days written notice to the other party.

transferable or assignable.

All rights (under any applicable intellectual property right) granted herein are not sublicenseable,

After the Launch Date, i-Escrow shall pay 2TheMart advertising fees based on the number of Transaction Inquiries.

This advertising fees shall consist of a per Transaction Inquiry amount calculated by multiplying 0.025% by the amount of the average Transaction from all Customers in the preceding quarter.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Domain Name is deemed a combination mark, neither party shall use the Domain Name for any purpose except as expressly provided herein or attempt to register the Domain Name, and the parties will jointly cooperate on any enforcement action of infringement of the Domain Name.

i-Escrow hereby grants to 2TheMart a worldwide, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display and digitally perform the i-Escrow Content on or in conjunction with 2TheMart auctions.

2TheMart hereby grants to i-Escrow a worldwide, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display and digitally perform the 2TheMart Content soley with respect to  and in conjunction with the Co-Branded Site all with the prior written consent of 2TheMart, for the term of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement: (a) i-Escrow hereby grants to 2TheMart a non-exclusive, nontransferable right to use the i-Escrow Marks (including without limitation the Domain Name) in links to and advertisements and promotions for the Co-Branded Pages or the Services; and (b) 2TheMart hereby grants to i-Escrow a non-exclusive, nontransferable right to use 2TheMart Marks (including without limitation the Domain Name) on the Co-Branded Pages, and for the performance of  Services.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement: (a) i-Escrow hereby grants to 2TheMart a non-exclusive, nontransferable right to use the i-Escrow Marks (including without limitation the Domain Name) in links to and advertisements and promotions for the Co-Branded Pages or the Services; and (b) 2TheMart hereby grants to i-Escrow a non-exclusive, nontransferable right to use 2TheMart Marks (including without limitation the Domain Name) on the Co-Branded Pages, and for the performance of  Services.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless this Agreement was terminated for a material breach, all provisions of this Agreement shall survive to the extent necessary for i-Escrow to complete any Customer transactions which are pending at the time of expiration or termination.

Once every twelve (12) months, 2TheMart through a CPA may inspect and audit such records to verify reports.

Such inspection shall be at 2TheMart's expense; however, if the audit reveals overdue payments in excess of ten percent (10%) of the payments owed to date, i-Escrow shall immediately pay all cost of such audit.

Any such inspection will be conducted in a manner that does not unreasonably interfere with i-Escrow's business activities and with no less than fifteen (15) days notice.

EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A BREACH OF SECTION 11, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF THE PARTIES ARE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A BREACH OF SECTION 11, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF THE PARTIES ARE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT

Moelis & Company Holdings LP

Moelis & Company Holdings GP LLC

SMBC Nikko Securities Inc.

"Nikko" and together with SMBC, "SMBC/Nikko"

"Moelis General Partner", and together with Moelis Holdings, the "Moelis Entities"

Moelis Holdings

Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation

SMBC, Nikko, Moelis Holdings and Moelis General Partner are each referred to herein as a "party" and collectively referred to as the "parties

SMBC

December 27, 2011

This Agreement shall be effective as of January 1, 2012 (the "Effective Date"), provided, however, that, ARTICLE XII and ARTICLE XIII shall not be effective until after the Closing.

The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.

At the end of such initial term, and any renewed term, as applicable, this Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional one (1) year term, unless a party provides written notice to the other parties at least six (6) months prior to the end of the

initial term.

At the end of such initial term, and any renewed term, as applicable, this Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional one (1) year term, unless a party provides written notice to the other parties at least six (6) months prior to the end of the

initial term.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflict of laws.

Moelis Holdings agrees not to open an office in Japan conducting Covered Businesses during the term of this Agreement.

Businesses involving Japanese Companies where all principal parties involved are located within Covered Regions

Each of SMBC/Nikko and Moelis Holdings agrees, during the term of this Agreement (except pursuant to this Agreement) and for a period of 12 months thereafter, not to solicit any Client Introduced by the other party in connection with an assignment on Covered

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this provision shall not prevent any party from soliciting or otherwise contacting any Client (i) for any purpose other than working on or obtaining an assignment on Covered Businesses involving Japanese Companies in Covered Regions where all principal parties involved are located within Covered Regions or (ii) with whom such party (or its employees or consultants) has had a pre-existing relationship, including, but not limited to, a pre-existing contractual or business relationship, prior to the Introduction of such Client in connection with an assignment covered by this Agreement.

Each of SMBC/Nikko and Moelis Holdings agrees not to solicit or hire any employee of the other party during the term of this Agreement and for a period of 12 months thereafter; provided, however, that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to general solicitations to the public that are not specifically directed to employees of other party (or employment of applicants to such solicitations).

At any time during a renewed term, this Agreement may be terminated by any party on six (6) months prior notice that it wishes to terminate the Agreement.

Prior to the IPO and during the term of the Strategic Alliance, Moelis General Partner shall not consent to a sale or transfer by a Partner of its Partnership Interests to an SMBC Competitor unless the Moelis General Partner caused the Partner proposing to sell or transfer its Partnership Interests to provide SMBC with a right to purchase, on the same terms and conditions, including price, all (but not less than all) of the Partnership Interests that such Partner proposes to sell or transfer to an SMBC Competitor.

Following the expiration of such 10-day period, the Partner proposing to sell or transfer Partnership Interests shall have one hundred and eighty- (180-) days to sell or transfer, or enter into an agreement to sell or transfer the Partnership Interests with respect to which SMBC 's right under Section 12.3(a) was not exercised, at a price and upon terms no more favorable to the purchasers of such securities than specified in the Partner's notice.

SMBC shall have ten (10) days from the date of delivery of any such notice to agree to purchase all, but not less than all, of such Partnership Interests, for the price and upon the terms specified in the notice, by delivering written notice to such Partner and Moelis Holdings.

In the event Moelis Holdings proposes to undertake any issuance of Additional Units to which clause (y) of Section 12.2(a) applies, SMBC shall specify in its notice delivered to Moelis Holdings pursuant to Section 3.4.2(b) of the Moelis Holdings Agreement, in addition to whether or not it elects to purchase its pro rata portion of such Additional Units, whether or not it shall exercise its right of first refusal to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Additional Units that other Partners do not purchase pursuant to their right of first refusal under Section 3.4.2 of the Moelis Holdings Agreement.

In the event a Partner proposes to undertake a sale or transfer of Partnership Interests to which the foregoing right applies, and Moelis General Partner must consent to the sale or transfer, Moelis General Partner shall require that Partner to give SMBC written notice of its intention to sell or transfer Partnership Interests to an SMBC Competitor describing the price and terms upon which such Partner proposes to sell or transfer its Partnership Interests.

In the event Moelis Holdings has not sold the Additional Units or entered into an agreement to sell the Additional Units within such one hundred and eighty- (180-) day period, Moelis Holdings shall not thereafter issue or sell any Additional Units without first complying again with this Section 12.2.

SMBC shall have ten (10) days from the date of delivery of any such notice to agree to purchase all, but not less than all, of such Additional Units, for the price and upon the terms specified in the notice, by delivering written notice to Moelis Holdings.

The rights granted under this Section 12.3 may not be assigned or transferred, except that such right is assignable by SMBC to any of its respective Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries.

In the event the Partner has not sold or transferred the Partnership Interests, or entered into an agreement to sell or transfer the Partnership Interests, within such one hundred and eighty- (180-) day period, Moelis General Partner shall not consent to the Partner's selling or transferring its Partnership Interests to an SMBC Competitor thereafter without first requiring the Partner to comply again with this Section 12.3.

The right of first refusal granted hereunder may not be assigned or transferred, except that such right is assignable by SMBC to any of its respective Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries.

In the event Moelis Holdings proposes to undertake an issuance of Additional Units to which clause (x) of Section 12.2(a) applies, it shall give SMBC written notice of its intention describing the price and terms upon which Moelis Holdings proposes to issue the same.

Prior to the IPO and during the term of the Strategic Alliance, SMBC shall have the right of first refusal to purchase all (but not less than all) Additional Units that Moelis Holdings proposes to issue to an SMBC Competitor, including (x) in a proposed issuance that is excepted from Section 3.4.2 of the Moelis Holdings Agreement as an issuance to a Strategic Investor, and (y) in a proposed issuance that is subject to Section 3.4.2 of the Moelis Holdings Agreement, to the extent that the Partners do not exercise in full their right of first refusal thereunder.

Following the expiration of such 10-day period, Moelis Holdings shall have one hundred and eighty- (180-) days to sell or enter into an agreement to sell the Additional Units with respect to which SMBC's right of first refusal was not exercised, at a price and upon terms no more favorable to the purchasers of such securities than specified in Moelis Holdings' notice.

(d) by any party if the SMBC Unit-Holders cease to hold any Partnership Interests as a result of sale or transfer pursuant to Section 12.4 of this Agreement or Section 8.4 of the Moelis Holdings Agreement, such termination to be effective six (6) months following the date on which the other parties receive written notice of such party's election to terminate this Agreement;

This Agreement may be terminated as follows:

This Agreement may not be assigned by any party without the written consent of the other parties, except to a subsidiary or controlled affiliate of such party which succeeds such party's conduct of Covered Businesses.

In the case of M&A sell-side assignments originated by Moelis Holdings within the scope of this Agreement set forth in Section 3.1 for which SMBC or Nikko does not serve (together with Moelis Holdings) as a co-advisor to the seller, if SMBC or Nikko introduces the actual buyer, and neither SMBC nor Nikko obtains a mandate to serve as an advisor to such buyer in connection with such acquisition, Moelis Holdings will pay SMBC/Nikko an introduction fee equal to 15% of the sale transaction fee paid to Moelis Holdings.

The parties may mutually agree on a fee allocation different from the foregoing allocations in good faith based on, among other things, the following criteria:   (a) Whether one or both parties have an important relationship that is crucial to securing an assignment   (b) Resource contribution   (c) Product expertise   (d) Industry expertise   (e) Transaction size   (f) Resource constraints

One or more senior representatives of Moelis Holdings or SMBC/Nikko, as the case may be, will consider on a case by case basis if requested by a senior representative of the other party, discretionary fee sharing when Moelis Holdings or SMBC/Nikko, as the case may be, provides demonstrable value.

The engagement letters will (unless otherwise agreed) provide that payments would be made to either SMBC/Nikko or Moelis Holdings and SMBC/Nikko and Moelis Holdings will split the fees pursuant to this Agreement.

The parties agree to share fees 50%/50% on assignments within the scope of this Agreement set forth in Section 3.1 where SMBC or Nikko, on the one hand, and Moelis Holdings, on the other hand, are jointly retained as co-advisors by a Client for such assignments, except as otherwise mutually agreed with respect to a specific matter by the parties.

The rights granted under this Section 12.3 may not be assigned or transferred, except that such right is assignable by SMBC to any of its respective Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries.

for the period beginning a reasonable time before the filing of the Registration Statement and for as long as Moelis Holdings is required to cause the Registration Statement to remain current under Section 13.1(a)(ii), and except to the extent prohibited by applicable law and subject to entering into customary confidentiality agreements, after reasonable advance notice, make available for inspection by the SMBC Unit- Holders, any underwriter participating in any disposition of the Registrable Securities, and any Representative for the SMBC Unit-Holders or such underwriter, during business hours and at the location designated by Moelis Holdings, any financial and other records and corporate documents of Moelis Holdings as will be reasonably necessary to enable them to conduct reasonable and customary due diligence with respect to Moelis Holdings and the related Registration Statement and Prospectus, provided, however, that records, documents and information obtained hereunder will be used by such inspecting person only to conduct such due diligence;

and provided, further, however, that in no event shall the liability for indemnity of any SMBC Unit-Holder under this Section 13.9(b) exceed the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of any underwriting discount or commission or other selling expenses) received by such SMBC Unit-Holder from the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such indemnification.

provided, however, that in no event shall a SMBC Unit-Holder be required by this Section 13.9(d) to contribute an aggregate amount in excess of the dollar amount of proceeds (net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other selling expenses) received by such SMBC Unit-Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution.

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 13.9(e), a SMBC Unit-Holder shall not be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds received by such SMBC Unit-Holder from the sale of the Registrable Securities exceeds the amount of any damages which such SMBC Unit-Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each of the Indemnified Parties has relied on this Section 13.9, is an express third party beneficiary of this Section 13.9 and is entitled to enforce the obligations of the applicable Indemnified Parties under this Section 13.9 directly against such Indemnified Parties to the full extent thereof.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

AJR

ALEX JOB RACING, INC.

XYBERNAUT CORPORATION

XC

May 1, 2002

Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement  shall commence as of the date hereof and shall  terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").

This Agreement and all acts and  transactions  hereunder shall in all respects be governed by and construed in  accordance  with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia,  without regard to any of its conflicts of laws principles  which would result in the  application  of the  substantive  laws of





another jurisdiction.

In  consideration  of  the  payments,  through  the  issuance  of securities  to AJR as provided for in Section 3 hereof,  AJR agrees to designate XC as an associate sponsor and the "exclusive  technology  sponsor" for wearable computer  technology" of the Team for the Season and grants to XC the rights and benefits of such sponsorship as more fully set forth herein.

AJR shall not take any action or suffer any action to occur, whether taken by the Team or others,  which could result in an adverse impact on XC, its Licensed Materials and the goodwill associated  therewith as a result of this Agreement.

Any such  assignment or delegation  made without the written consent of the  other  party  hereto  shall  be ab  inito  null and void and of no force or effect.

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,  duties and obligations  of the parties  hereunder may be assigned or delegated by XC or the AJR, as the case may be,  without the prior  written  consent of the other party hereto.

XC does hereby  grant AJR a limited and  non-transferable  license and  non-exclusive  right to use XC's logo and  trademarks and service marks set forth on Schedule A attached hereto (the "Licensed  Materials")  during the Term of this Agreement.

XC does hereby  grant AJR a limited and  non-transferable  license and  non-exclusive  right to use XC's logo and  trademarks and service marks set forth on Schedule A attached hereto (the "Licensed  Materials")  during the Term of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding  anything herein to the contrary,  AJR's liability under  this  Section  11 shall not exceed One  Hundred  Fifty  Thousand  Dollars ($150,000).

In addition,  AJR's  obligations  under  Section  11(a) above shall survive  for a  period  of one (1)  year  after  the  date  of  this  Agreement.

The  indemnification obligations  described  in Section  11(a),  including  all  limitations  on such obligations, shall be the exclusive remedy of the XC Indemnified Parties for any Losses  resulting from or based upon any breach by AJR of any of its agreements, covenants or obligations  hereunder or the use of any of the Licensed  Materials in a manner that is not permitted hereby.

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT

Cardax, Inc.

Capsugel US, LLC

CAPSUGEL

CARDAX

CARDAX and CAPSUGEL are each a "Party" and together constitute the "Parties"

18t h day of August 2014

18t h day of August 2014

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance under the laws of the State of New York.

During the Term, each Party hereby provides a worldwide, exclusive, royalty free, perpetual license of such Intellectual Property Rights for use by each licensee in its business in connection with the development and marketing and commercialization of the Product.

Neither Party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however that either Party may assign in connection with a merger or sale of all or substantially all of its stock or assets, provided the assignee agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

CAPSUGEL shall pay to CARDAX a royalty equal to [***] of the Adjusted Net Sales ("Royalty Payment") within [***] after the end of [***].

The Parties will jointly own all inventions and other Intellectual Property Rights jointly made under this Agreement that are directly resulting from work conducted under this Agreement in accordance with the Development Plan and related specifically to the Product or the Compound Formulation, including any patents, patent applications and other Intellectual Property Rights related to such inventions, if any, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein.

During the Term, each Party hereby provides a worldwide, exclusive, royalty free, perpetual license of such Intellectual Property Rights for use by each licensee in its business in connection with the development and marketing and commercialization of the Product.

In the event that CAPSUGEL reasonably determines that the development of the Compound Formulation is not feasible with Commercially Reasonable Efforts in accordance with the Development Plan, with such changes as reasonably requested by CAPSUGEL, then CAPSUGEL may discontinue the development of the Compound Formulation and Product and terminate this Agreement, in which case, CARDAX shall have the right to license the Intellectual Property Rights as provided in Section 4.

In the event of termination of this Agreement for whatever cause, in addition to the other obligations of the Parties hereunder, each Party shall return to the other Party or to the other Party's designee no later than thirty (30) days after the effective date of termination all of such other Party's property, including all proprietary information, in its possession, except to the extent required to be retained by law or to comply with such Party's continuing obligations hereunder.

CAPSUGEL agrees to retain all such Records for a period of five (5) years after the expiration of the Term or after termination of this Agreement.

CARDAX shall have the right to audit CAPSUGEL's facilities, quality systems and records from time to time upon reasonable notice and CARDAX shall have the right to have a third party accounting firm, subject to a non-disclosure agreement, audit CAPSUGEL's financials as they relate to Net Sales and Adjusted Net Sales.

CARDAX has the right, upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, to inspect and examine such Records.

Except in the event of (i) a Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct and/or (ii) a Party's breach of its confidentiality obligation, the total liability of one Party to the other Party (and its Affiliates) arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the Products, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), statute or otherwise, shall, to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, be limited to the amount of revenues it receives under this Agreement.

Except in the event of (i) a Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct and/or (ii) a Party's breach of its confidentiality obligation, the total liability of one Party to the other Party (and its Affiliates) arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the Products, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), statute or otherwise, shall, to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, be limited to the amount of revenues it receives under this Agreement.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS ARISING UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. Exc

During the Term and for a period of two (2) years after the termination of the Agreement or the expiry date of the last batch manufactured whichever is later, thereafter, each Party shall obtain and maintain, at its sole expense adequate product liability insurance for the Product as it reasonably deems necessary and appropriate. Evidence of coverage, in the form of certificates of insurance, shall be provided promptly upon registration of the Product in given countries and as reasonably requested thereafter.

JOINT FILING AGREEMENT

EP INVESTMENT S. R.L.

VESA EQUITY INVESTMENT S. R.L.

DANIEL KETNSK

May 11, 2020

SERVICE AGREEMENT

The Victory Portfolios

Administrator

Trust

Hartford Life Insurance Co., Inc.

9/28/2004

This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Ohio.

This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto;

This Agreement shall not be assigned by either party hereto, without the prior written consent of the other party hereto.

Upon the request of the Trust or its designee, Administrator shall provide copies of all the historical records relating to transactions between the Funds and the Plans, written communications regarding the Funds to or from such Plans and other materials, in each case (i) as are maintained by Administrator in the ordinary course of its business and in compliance with laws and regulations governing transfer agents, and (ii) as may reasonably be requested to enable the Trust or its representatives, including without limitation its auditors or legal counsel, to (a) monitor and review the Services, (b) comply with any request of a governmental body or self-regulatory organization or a Plan, (c) verify compliance by Administrator with the terms of this Agreement, (d) make required regulatory reports, or (e) perform general customer supervision. Administrator agrees that it will permit the Trust or such representatives to have reasonable access to its personnel and records in order to facilitate the monitoring of the quality of the Services.

In any event, neither party shall be liable for any special, consequential or incidental damages.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT

formerly known as Tarzan HoldCo, Inc.)

Armstrong Hardwood Flooring Company

Seller

AFI Licensing LLC

"Licensing" and together with Seller, "Arizona")

Buyer

(the "Company" and together with Buyer the "Buyer Entities"

AHF Holding, Inc.

Armstrong Flooring, Inc.

each of Arizona on the one hand and the Buyer Entities on the other hand, a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties").

December 31, 2018

December 31, 2018

Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.

The Company shall not tarnish or bring into disrepute the reputation of or goodwill associated with the Seller Licensed Trademarks or Arizona.

Any assignment or other disposition in violation of the preceding sentence shall be void.

Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, including under Section 7.1, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of any Party under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, that (a) either Party may assign any of the foregoing in connection with the sale or other transfer of the applicable business or assets of such Party or its Affiliates to which this Agreement relates (except that neither of the Buyer Entities may assign any such rights, interests or obligations with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks); (b) Arizona may assign any of the foregoing to one or more of its Affiliates and (c) the Company and Buyer may assign any of the foregoing to one or more of its Subsidiaries, controlled Affiliates, AWP, or any holding company that is a direct or indirect parent of the Company; provided that in each case (b) and (c), no assignment shall relieve the assigning Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement unless agreed to by the non-assigning Party.

Logo Size: The minimum logo size is 1" or 25mm. In digital formats, the minimum width is 100 pixels at 72 dpi.

Arizona agrees to assign and hereby assigns its entire right, title and interest in and to the Arizona Assigned IP to the Company.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Copyrights for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Know-How for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Know-How for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a limited, non- exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 7.1), non-assignable (except as set forth in Section 13.2) license in, to and under the Diamond Licensed Trademarks for the Diamond Trademark License Term for use with respect to the Diamond Product throughout the world only in the form and manner set forth on Schedule 6.2.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a limited, non- exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 7.1), non-assignable license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Trademarks for the Arizona Trademark License Term for use in the Company Field throughout the world only in the form and manner that such Arizona Licensed Trademarks are used in the Business as of the Closing, provided that the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to present the Arizona Licensed Trademarks in the form set forth on Schedule 6.1.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the license set forth in Section 6.1 shall include the right of the Company to use the Arizona Domain Names solely in connection with the applicable Arizona Licensed Trademarks in the Company Field during the Arizona Trademark License Term, in the ordinary course of business in a manner generally consistent with the past practice of Arizona in the Company Field.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Patents for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Patents for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Copyrights for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a limited, non- exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 7.1), non-assignable license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Trademarks for the Arizona Trademark License Term for use in the Company Field throughout the world only in the form and manner that such Arizona Licensed Trademarks are used in the Business as of the Closing, provided that the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to present the Arizona Licensed Trademarks in the form set forth on Schedule 6.1.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a limited, non- exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Section 7.1), non-assignable (except as set forth in Section 13.2) license in, to and under the Diamond Licensed Trademarks for the Diamond Trademark License Term for use with respect to the Diamond Product throughout the world only in the form and manner set forth on Schedule 6.2.

"Company Licensed Copyrights" means all Copyrights and registrations and applications for any of the foregoing owned by any Company Entity as of the Effective Date and used or held for use in the Arizona Field as of the Effective Date.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Copyrights for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Know-How for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

"Arizona Licensed Copyrights" means all Copyrights owned by Licensing or Seller or their respective Affiliates, as of the Effective Date and used or held for use in the Company Field during the five (5) years prior to the Effective Date (other than the Arizona Assigned Copyrights).

"Company Licensed Know-How" means all Know-How owned by any Company Entity as of the Effective Date and used or held for use in the Arizona Field as of the Effective Date.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Know-How for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

"Arizona Licensed Know-How" means all Know-How owned by Licensing or Seller or their respective Affiliates, as of the Effective Date and used or held for use in the Company Field during the five (5) years prior to the Effective Date (other than the Arizona Assigned Know- How).

"Arizona Licensed Patents" means the Patents set forth on Schedule 1.1(l) and all other Patents owned by Licensing or Seller or their respective Affiliates as of the Effective Date and used or held for use in the Company Field during the five (5) years prior to the Effective Date (other than the Arizona Assigned Patents).

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Patents for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Copyrights for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Arizona may sublicense the licenses granted herein to its Affiliates and Third Parties in the ordinary course of business in support of its and its Affiliates' business, but not for the independent use of Third Parties, and the Company may sublicense the licenses granted herein to Third Parties, its Subsidiaries, AWP, controlled Affiliates, or any holding company that is a direct or indirect parent of the Company in the ordinary course of business in support of its and its Subsidiaries' or controlled Affiliates' business, but not for the independent use of Third Parties (each such Affiliate, Third Party, AWP or Subsidiary, a "Sublicensee").

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Copyrights for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Know-How for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Know-How for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Seller a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Company Licensed Patents for use in the Arizona Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Patents for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Arizona hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non- exclusive, royalty-free license in, to and under the Arizona Licensed Copyrights for use in the Company Field throughout the world.

Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company shall not file applications to register any Arizona Licensed IP or assist any person in doing the same, or contest, challenge, or otherwise take any action adverse to Arizona's and its Affiliates' ownership of or rights in and to the Arizona Licensed IP, or assist any person in doing the same.

Without limitation to the foregoing, Arizona shall not file applications to register any Company Licensed IP or assist any person in doing the same, or contest, challenge, or otherwise take any action adverse to the Company's and its Affiliates' ownership of or rights in and to the Company Licensed IP, or assist any person in doing the same.

SERVICES AGREEMENT

Trust

Potomac Fund Management, Inc.

PFS Funds

Adviser

June 24, 2020

June 24, 2020

The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Massachusetts.

This Agreement may be terminated without the payment of any penalty by either party upon sixty (60) days' written notice to the other party.

This Agreement shall automatically terminate in the event the Management Agreement is assigned or otherwise terminated.

The Adviser shall make available to the Trust during regular business hours all records and other data created and maintained pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Agreement for reasonable audit and inspection by the Trust or any regulatory agency having authority over the Trust.

acting on any business of the Trust (other than services or business in connection with the Adviser's duties hereunder), to be rendering such services to or acting solely for the Trust and not as a director, officer, employee, shareholder or agent, or one under the control or direction of the Adviser, even though paid by it.

Except as may otherwise be required by the Act or the rules thereunder, neither the Adviser nor its directors, officers, employees, shareholders, agents, control persons or affiliates of any thereof (collectively, the "Adviser Employees") shall be subject to any liability for, or any damages, expenses or losses incurred by the Trust in connection with any error of judgment, mistake of law, any act or omission in connection with or arising out of any services rendered under or payments made pursuant to this Agreement or any other matter to which this Agreement relates, except by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on the part of any such persons in the performance of the duties of the Adviser under this Agreement or by reason of reckless disregard by any of such persons of the obligations and duties of the Adviser under this Agreement. Any person, even though also a director, officer, employee, shareholder or agent of the Adviser, who may be or become a trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Trust, shall be deemed, when rendering services to the Trust or

EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Water Now

Distributor

Hydraspin and Distributor are sometimes hereinafter referred to individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

WATER NOW, INC.

the "Subsidiary," and collectively with Water Now, "Hydraspin")

BESTEV MANAGEMENT, LLC

Hydraspin USA, Inc.

12th day of November, 2019

12th day of November, 2019

The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo

Upon expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional, successive five (5) year periods unless either Party provides the other Party written notice of its desire to terminate at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any renewal.

Upon expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional, successive five (5) year periods unless either Party provides the other Party written notice of its desire to terminate at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any renewal.

THIS AGREEMENT, AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, U.S.A. WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS.

If this Agreement is extended beyond the Initial Term, as hereinafter defined, the number of Customer Locations to be secured to maintain exclusivity during the pendency of the Agreement shall be increased to 50 from 25.

Distributor shall be entitled to advertise, promote, market or

Hydraspin certifies, stipulates, and agrees that the Hydraspin will deal exclusively with and through the Distributor in relation to the distribution of the Products in the Territory

solicit any Customers that have a business presence outside the Territory, except that Distributor shall not conduct solicitation activities in any outside territory where Hydraspin is bound to an exclusive distributor agreement with a third party, provided that Hydraspin has notified Distributor in writing of its arrangements with the other distributor and of the territory which is subject to exclusivity in favor of the other distributor.

In the event the Distributor loses exclusivity on a territory due to not meeting Performance Benchmarks, the Distributor shall maintain exclusivity on any and all existing Products that are in the field and operating at them time exclusivity if forfeited.

Hydraspin hereby grants to Distributor an exclusive non-transferable and royalty-free right and license to use Hydraspin's Marks in connection with the advertising, promotion, marketing, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory in accordance with Hydraspin's standards and instructions

Hydraspin hereby appoints Distributor, and Distributor hereby accepts appointment, as Hydraspin's exclusive distributor of the Products in the Territory during the term of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the satisfaction of the Performance Benchmarks.

Distributor shall be entitled to advertise, promote, market or

solicit any Customers that have a business presence outside the Territory, except that Distributor shall not conduct solicitation activities in any outside territory where Hydraspin is bound to an exclusive distributor agreement with a third party, provided that Hydraspin has notified Distributor in writing of its arrangements with the other distributor and of the territory which is subject to exclusivity in favor of the other distributor.

If Hydraspin desires to enter a new territory in the United States, Hydraspin will offer Distributor the first opportunity to become the exclusive distributor for the new territory.

If the Parties are unable to reach an agreement on the terms of exclusivity within ten (10) business days of the date the opportunity is presented to Distributor, Hydraspin shall have no obligation to enter into a contract with Distributor regarding the new territory.

(b) Immediately upon the occurrence of any of the following events and effective upon delivery of notice:

(8) by either Party, if Hydraspin undergoes a Change of Control

This Agreement may be terminated as follows:

If termination is the result of a Change of Control, Distributor shall be entitled to receive a onetime payment, within three (3) business days of the effective date of the Change of Control, equal to the greater of the following 1) the aggregate amount of the Distributor Share received during the 18 months prior to the effective date of such Change of Control or 2) the aggregate amount of the Distributor Share received on the 30 days prior to the effective date of such Change of Control multiplied by 18.

Any attempted assignment without such consent shall be void and of no effect.

Neither Party may assign any right, or delegate any duty under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section to the contrary, Hydraspin may assign this Agreement upon written notice to Distributor to any entity which controls, is controlled by or under common control with Hydraspin or to any successor to or purchaser of all or substantially all of its assets or stock, by merger or otherwise.

With respect to each Revenue Event, Distributor shall be entitled to receive the Distributor Share of Net Revenue, and Hydraspin shall be entitled to receive the Hydraspin Share of Net Revenue.

"Hydraspin Share" means, with respect to Net Revenue, the percentage of Net Revenue that Hydraspin is entitled to receive, as follows: (i) for the first ten (10) Products installed, 92.5% of Net Revenue, and (ii) for the eleventh (11th) Product installed and all Products installed thereafter, 85% of Net Revenue.

"Distributor Share" means, with respect to Net Revenue, the percentage of Net Revenue that the Distributor is entitled to receive, as follows: (i) for the first ten (10) Products installed, 7.5% of Net Revenue, and (ii) for the eleventh (11th) Product installed and all Products installed thereafter, 15% of Net Revenue. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the 1

Source: WATER NOW, INC., 10-Q, 11/20/2019





Distributor Share with respect to the split of Net Revenue between Hydraspin and the Distributor with respect to any particular Production installation or group Product installation may be negotiated by Hydraspin and the Distributor and set forth in a separate written agreement between the Parties, and in such case, the Distributor Share set forth in the separate written agreement shall supersede and control over the Distributor Share set forth above.

If this Agreement is extended beyond the Initial Term, as hereinafter defined, the number of Customer Locations to be secured to maintain exclusivity during the pendency of the Agreement shall be increased to 50 from 25.

"Performance Benchmarks" shall mean the following requirements necessary for Distributor to maintain the exclusivity granted in Section 2.1 hereof: (a) the execution of contracts to deploy Products in 25 new locations approved in advance by Hydraspin ("Customer Locations") during each 12 month period following the Effective Date and (b) all Customer Locations in the aggregate shall generate an average of 7,500 barrels of fluid per day on a trailing 12 month basis. Customer Locations must be available for installation within 90 days of approval by Hydraspin to be applied toward the satisfaction of the Performance Benchmark.

Hydraspin hereby grants to Distributor an exclusive non-transferable and royalty-free right and license to use Hydraspin's Marks in connection with the advertising, promotion, marketing, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory in accordance with Hydraspin's standards and instructions.

Hydraspin hereby grants to Distributor an exclusive non-transferable and royalty-free right and license to use Hydraspin's Marks in connection with the advertising, promotion, marketing, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory in accordance with Hydraspin's standards and instructions.

During the term of this Agreement, Distributor shall afford to Hydraspin and its authorized representatives full access at all reasonable times and upon reasonable prior notice, to all such books and records with respect to the Products.

The arbitrator shall not award any Party punitive, exemplary, multiplied or consequential damages, and each Party hereby irrevocably waives any right to seek such damages in arbitration or in judicial proceedings.

RESELLER AGREEMENT

MTI TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

McDATA

RESELLER

McDATA CORPORATION

9/29/04

THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS RESELLER AGREEMENT SHALL BE: Sept 29, 2004

The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.

Thereafter, this Agreement automatically renews for successive terms of one (1) year.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado excluding its choice of law provisions.

Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party.

Neither party will assign this Agreement or any rights hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, McDATA may assign this Agreement to any entity controlled by, controlling, or under common control with McDATA or to any successor by merger, divestiture, consolidation or reorganization, or to any purchasers of all or substantially all of the assets of the business of McDATA without consent of Reseller.

Reseller grants McDATA a license to use Reseller's trademarks and corporate logos solely for such marketing and reference purposes.

Subject to McDATA's prior written approval, McDATA grants Reseller a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use McDATA's Trademarks (defined as McDATA's name or any abbreviation thereof, its acronym, logotype or any other trademarks or trade names of McDATA) for the sole purpose of marketing and selling Products and End User Customer Services in the Territory during the term of this Agreement Reseller agrees to comply with McDATA's Logo Usage Guide, which is found at McDATA's web site, www.mcdata.com.

Subject to McDATA's prior written approval, McDATA grants Reseller a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use McDATA's Trademarks (defined as McDATA's name or any abbreviation thereof, its acronym, logotype or any other trademarks or trade names of McDATA) for the sole purpose of marketing and selling Products and End User Customer Services in the Territory during the term of this Agreement Reseller agrees to comply with McDATA's Logo Usage Guide, which is found at McDATA's web site, www.mcdata.com.

EXCEPT FOR A BREACH OF SECTION 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, NOR FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATING TO LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, ADVERTISING OR PROMOTIONAL COSTS, TERMINATION OF EMPLOYEES, SALARIES OF EMPLOYEES OR SEVERANCE PAYMENTS, CREATION OF CUSTOMER BASE, OR FUTURE EXPECTATIONS OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE, HOWSOEVER ARISING AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY IN LAW OR IN EQUITY, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, McDATA's entire liability in any given instance from any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, warranty or tort (including negligence) or any other theory of liability in law or in equity, will in no event exceed the lease, of (i) the purchase price for the specific Product that is the subject matter of or is directly relative the cause of action; or (ii) Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000).

EXCEPT FOR A BREACH OF SECTION 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, NOR FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATING TO LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, ADVERTISING OR PROMOTIONAL COSTS, TERMINATION OF EMPLOYEES, SALARIES OF EMPLOYEES OR SEVERANCE PAYMENTS, CREATION OF CUSTOMER BASE, OR FUTURE EXPECTATIONS OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE, HOWSOEVER ARISING AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY IN LAW OR IN EQUITY, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

SERVICES AGREEMENT

Intellisense Solutions, Inc.

Maimon

Idan Maimon

Company

April 1, 2019

April 1, 2019

Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").

Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

During the term of this Agreement and for a period of two (2) years after expiration or termination for any reason of this Agreement, Maimon agrees not to: (a) compete with the business of the Company, whether individually or through any entity, or to use (or permit the use of) any Confidential Information, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of competing with the business of the Company;

Maimon agrees during the term of this Agreement not to accept work or enter into a contract or accept an obligation inconsistent or incompatible with Maimon's obligations under this Agreement or with the scope of services to be rendered for the Company

During the term of this Agreement and for a period of two (2) years after expiration or termination for any reason of this Agreement, Maimon agrees not to:

suggest to, induce or persuade any customer, client, vendor, supplier, employee, consultant or agent of the Company to terminate or diminish its relationship with the Company.

During the term of this Agreement and for a period of two (2) years after expiration or termination for any reason of this Agreement, Maimon agrees not to:

suggest to, induce or persuade any customer, client, vendor, supplier, employee, consultant or agent of the Company to terminate or diminish its relationship with the Company.

The Company may in its discretion and at its option terminate this Agreement at any time after the Minimum Period upon five days prior written notice to Maimon.

Neither of the parties hereto may assign its or his rights hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party hereto, and any such attempted assignment without such consent shall be null and void and without effect.

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

Paul Silas

Healthcare Distribution Specialists LLC

HDS

"Celebrity

February 20, 2012

February 20, 2012

The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending  on February 19, 2013 ("Term").

Regardless of the place of execution hereof, this Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all  issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in  accordance with the laws and decisions of the State of Georgia.

Celebrity represents and warrants that during the Term and in the Territory, Celebrity will not endorse or  make any appearances or advertisements on behalf of any other multivitamin.

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations contained herein may be assigned or  transferred by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.

In the event the Production Session exceeds eight (8) hours in duration HDS and  Celebrity will negotiate in good faith additional compensation to Celebrity for time in excess of eight (8)  hours.

During the Term and subject to the limitations set forth in Paragraphs 9 and 10, HDS shall have the right to use  the name, image, likeness, characterization, visual and audio representation of Celebrity ("Celebrity Attributes") in  connection with HDS' product, Clotamin, in the Territory as follows:    A. In a television commercial (specific spot length to be mutually agreed upon) promoting Clotamin  ("Commercial") aired specifically in the following three (3) television markets: (1) Washington, DC Metro  Area; (2) Florida; and (3) Texas (collectively "Markets");    B. On HDS' website (www.clotamin.corn) ("Website"); and    C. In Clotamin-related press releases.

Such usage may not be sold or transferred.

Commercial General Liability coverage of product liability with limits no less than $1,000,000 per occurrence  and $2,000,000 aggregate.

Media Liability insurance with limits not less than $2,000,000 per occurrence and aggregate.

Umbrella / Excess Liability coverage inclusive of product liability with limits not less than $5,000,000 per  occurrence and aggregate.

The Celebrity shall be named as an additional insured on coverages A, B and C.

HDS agrees to provide and maintain at its own expense, the following insurance coverages:

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

drkoop.com

Vitamin Shoppe Industries, Inc.

drkoop.com, inc

Sponsor

11th day of March, 1999

Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.

The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the

If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, but without giving effect to its laws or rules relating to conflicts of laws.

"The Vitamin Shoppe is the proud exclusive vitamin sponsor of drkoop.com."

Neither party may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the other party's written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, except that: (a) a party's rights and obligation hereunder may be transferred to a successor of all or substantially all of the





business and assets of the party regardless of how the transaction or series of related transactions is structured, provided, that the successor party agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (b) Sponsor may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any entity (i) which operates the Sponsor Website and (ii) which agrees to bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Sponsor hereby represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to grant, and does hereby grant to drkoop.com a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to reproduce and display all logos, trademarks, trade names and similar identifying material relating to Sponsor (the "Sponsor Marks") solely in connection with the promotion, marketing and distribution of the parties and the Sites in accordance with the terms hereof, provided, however, that drkoop.com shall, other than as specifically provided for in this Agreement, not make any specific use of any Sponsor Mark without first submitting a sample of such use to Sponsor and obtaining its prior consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, drkoop.com hereby represents that it has the power and authority to grant, and does hereby grant to Sponsor a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to reproduce and display all logos, trademarks, trade names and similar identifying material relating to drkoop.com and, solely as allowed pursuant to this Agreement, to the Dr. C. Everett Koop name (collectively, the "drkoop.com Marks") solely in connection with the promotion, marketing and distribution of the parties and the Sites in accordance with the terms hereof, provided, however, that Sponsor shall, other than as specifically provided for in Section 4.4 of this Agreement, not make any specific use of any drkoop.com Marks without first submitting a sample of such use to drkoop.com and obtaining its prior consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Sponsor hereby represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to grant, and does hereby grant to drkoop.com a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to reproduce and display all logos, trademarks, trade names and similar identifying material relating to Sponsor (the "Sponsor Marks") solely in connection with the promotion, marketing and distribution of the parties and the Sites in accordance with the terms hereof, provided, however, that drkoop.com shall, other than as specifically provided for in this Agreement, not make any specific use of any Sponsor Mark without first submitting a sample of such use to Sponsor and obtaining its prior consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, drkoop.com hereby represents that it has the power and authority to grant, and does hereby grant to Sponsor a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to reproduce and display all logos, trademarks, trade names and similar identifying material relating to drkoop.com and, solely as allowed pursuant to this Agreement, to the Dr. C. Everett Koop name (collectively, the "drkoop.com Marks") solely in connection with the promotion, marketing and distribution of the parties and the Sites in accordance with the terms hereof, provided, however, that Sponsor shall, other than as specifically provided for in Section 4.4 of this Agreement, not make any specific use of any drkoop.com Marks without first submitting a sample of such use to drkoop.com and obtaining its prior consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 6.3, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS TERMINATION, WHETHER LIABILITY IS ASSERTED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 6.3, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS TERMINATION, WHETHER LIABILITY IS ASSERTED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

ANTHEMIC

ANTHEMIC, LLC

VNUE INC

Sponsor"

June 23, 2015

JUNE 23, 2015

This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.

This Agreement is to be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of California without regard to conflicts of law.

If ANTHEMIC produces the Event in 2016 and seeks a sponsor in the category, ANTHEMIC will first contact the Sponsor and provide the Sponsor with written notice (the "Notice) of the terms under which the Sponsor can be the category sponsor for the 2016 Event. The Sponsor will have 15 days from receipt of the Notice to accept the terms to be the category sponsor of the 2014 Event.

If the Sponsor decides not to be the category sponsor of the 2016 Event or fails to timely respond to the Notice, then ANTHEMIC may approach other parties to be the category sponsor.

This Agreement is personal to each of the parties, and neither party may assign or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without first obtaining the other party's written consent.

(a) The Sponsor grants ANTHEMIC a license to use the Sponsor's name, logo, and other identifying characteristics in promoting the Event.

EXCEPT FOR INDEMNIFICATION  OBLIGATIONS DUE TO LIABILITIES TO THIRD PARTIES, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY PROVISION CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, NO PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, POWER, BUSINESS GOOD WILL, REVENUE OR PROFIT, NOR FOR INCREASED EXPENSES, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE PERFORMANCE OR NON PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT UNLESS THE DAMAGES AROSE DUE TO A PARTY'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT.

EXCEPT FOR INDEMNIFICATION  OBLIGATIONS DUE TO LIABILITIES TO THIRD PARTIES, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY PROVISION CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, NO PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, POWER, BUSINESS GOOD WILL, REVENUE OR PROFIT, NOR FOR INCREASED EXPENSES, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE PERFORMANCE OR NON PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT UNLESS THE DAMAGES AROSE DUE TO A PARTY'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT.

Without limiting or qualifying the Sponsor's liabilities, obligations, or indemnities, before the Event, the Sponsor will obtain, at its sole cost and expense, a comprehensive general liability insurance policy from a company acceptable to ANTHEMIC and authorized to do business in the state of Illinois with limits of no less than $1,000,000.00 per occurrence and $2,000,000.00 as an annual aggregate. The insurance mentioned in the preceding sentence will name ANTHEMIC as additional insured. The Sponsor will also maintain any statutorily required workers compensation insurance.

The Sponsor will not, at any time after the Effective Date, dispute or contest, directly or indirectly, ANTHEMIC's exclusive ownership in their respective trademarks.

ANTHEMIC will not, at any time during or after the Effective Date, dispute or contest, directly or indirectly, the Sponsor's exclusive ownership in the Sponsor's trademarks.

TALENT ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

CSA

Celebrity Speakers

Tigrent Learning UK Limited

Talent

Robbie Fowler

Company

____ day of ______________ 2013

"Commencement Date" means: 1st January 2013.

"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.

The period of license granted shall be for the Term and shall extend for a period of twenty four (24) months or until terminated as per clause 8 herein.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales, and all actions brought hereunder whether at law or in equity shall be brought in England.

Talent represents and warrants that he has not granted nor will he grant to any other party any right, permission, or license to use the Property in connection with the advertisement,  sale, or promotion of the Product or in connection with products that are identical or substantially similar to the Product.

The Parties may not assign this Agreement or the rights and obligations hereunder to any third party without the prior express written approval of the other Party.

In consideration for the licenses granted hereunder, Company agrees to pay to CSA as follows:   a. A  [***]in the amount of [***]of Company's revenues from sales of the Property Training  Course and all Products after deductions for VAT, returns, refunds

In accordance with the Primary Agreement, the Talent agrees that during the Term, he will make public appearances at the request of the Company, to include appearing at Company events and/or participating in photo shoots as requested by Company, not to exceed more than four such appearances or photo shoots per calendar year.

Subject to the terms and conditions and in consideration of the payments set forth herein and in the Primary Agreement, CSA as disclosed agent for Talent grants to Company from the Commencement Date the right and license during the Term of this Agreement in the Territory to use the "Property" in connection with the advertisement, promotion, and sale of the Property Training Course and the Product as well as the right to use such Property on the Product and related packaging.

Talent agrees that Company shall, for a period of nine (9) months (Sell-Off Period) following the effective date of termination, have the right to continue to sell Product bearing  the Property and/or utilize advertising materials and collateral bearing the Property.

CSA shall have the right to request an independent audit of the sales of the Product containing the Property which the Company agrees to assist within a reasonable period of time of such request.

SECOND AMENDMENT TO CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

PCQ

A.B. Watley, Inc.

ABW

PC QUOTE, INC.

23rd day of February, 1998

23rd day of February, 1998

AMENDMENT NO. 3

Wireless Content License Agreement Number 12965

Glu Mobile Inc.

Fox Mobile Entertainment, Inc.

Fox

Licensee

February 19, 2007

The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

INTERNATIONAL TEST SYSTEMS, INC.

COMWARE

ITS

COMWARE TECHNICAL SERVICES

EFFECTIVE DATE:             The earlier of the date Comware orders and                                 pays for a minimum of $22,710 worth of                                 Products, in any combination, or April 15, 2000.

April 15, 2000 through October 15,                                 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)

Provided  that COMWARE  purchases a minimum of $45,420.00      worth of  Products,  in any  combination,  during the Initial  Distribution





     Period,  this Agreement will automatically renew for an additional 6 months      (the Renewal  Period).

This Agreement shall be interpreted and      governed by the laws of the State of Texas. Comware agrees to submit to the      jurisdiction of the State of Texas, Bexar County, USA.

Upon the effective date of this agreement COMWARE shall have the exclusive right to purchase, at the DISCOUNTS described below, and resell Products to potential customers during the Initial Distribution Period,

Upon the effective date of this agreement COMWARE shall have the exclusive right to purchase, at the DISCOUNTS described below, and resell Products to potential customers during the Initial Distribution Period, based on the following terms and conditions:

(a)    COMWARE must purchase no less than $22,710.00 worth of Products, in any        combination,  by April 15, 2000.  This initial order shall be evidenced        by valid  purchase  order from  COMWARE to be  received by ITS no later        than 5:00PM April 1, 2000,  with payment to be received by ITS no later        than April 15,  2000.  In the event  either of these dates are not met,        this Agreement will automatically and immediately terminate and neither        of the parties  hereto will have any  further  obligations,  one to the        other.

(b)    Future  Purchase  Orders  and  delivery  will  approximate  the  15 day        delivery schedule (but not the dates), although payment will be made by        COMWARE to ITS no later than thirty (30) days after  receipt of invoice        from ITS.

(c)    Provided  COMWARE  purchases  the  initial  products  as in (a)  above,        COMWARE  shall have the right to purchase  additional  Products up to a        total of $45,420.00 at the following discounts:

                                       1

     INITIAL DISCOUNTS:

         PRODUCT IDENTIFICATION     SUGGESTED RETAIL PRICE       DISCOUNT        PRICE TO COMWARE -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                                          CircuiTest 2000S           $5,995.00                       45%                 $3,297.25          CircuiTest 2100 Scanner    $2,995.00                       56%                 $1,317.80

        (INTERNATIONAL TEST SYSTEMS RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THE RETAIL         PRICE AT ANY TIME, WITH NOTICE TO COMWARE.)

(d)      In the event COMWARE purchases  products in excess of $45,420.00 during          the  Initial  Distribution  Period, COMWARE  shall  have  the  right to          purchase additional Products at the following discounts:

     SUBSEQUENT DISCOUNTS:

         PRODUCT IDENTIFICATION     SUGGESTED RETAIL PRICE       DISCOUNT        PRICE TO COMWARE -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                                          CircuiTest 2000S           $5,995.00                       50%                 $2,997.50          CircuiTest 2100 Scanner    $2,995.00                       60%                 $1,198.00

        (INTERNATIONAL TEST SYSTEMS RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THE RETAIL         PRICE AT ANY TIME, WITH NOTICE TO COMWARE.)

except as  specifically  described  elsewhere  in this  agreement,      either ITS or COMWARE shall have the right to terminate this Agreement with      30 days written notice from the other party, for any reason whatsoever.

In the event COMWARE does not      meet these minimum purchase requirements, this Agreement will automatically      and  immediately  terminate and neither of the parties hereto will have any      further obligations, one to the other.

In the event COMWARE  purchases an amount less than      $45,420.00, than this Agreement will automatically terminate.

COMWARE must purchase no less than $22,710.00 worth of Products, in any        combination,  by April 15, 2000.

COMWARE must purchase order a minimum      of $4,200 worth of Products per month during the Renewal Period TO maintain      the terms and conditions of this  Agreement.

ITS  Products  are  warranted  free from  defects of material or      workmanship  for 3 years after  shipment from the  manufacturer.  Equipment      purchased from ITS, which becomes defective within that time period will be      repaired by ITS at its  headquarters  in San  Antonio,  Texas at no cost to      COMWARE  beyond cost of shipping  the  equipment  to ITS.

ITS will provide free technical support to customers who have           purchased ITS systems for a period of 30 days.

MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

SAGEM S.A.

XIMAGE corporation

MORPHO

XIMAGE

31 January, 1994

December 10, 1993

XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the      "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall      remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.

This      Agreement shall automatically renew for consecutive one (1) year terms      at XIMAGE's then prevailing rates at the end of each one (1) year term      unless either party gives at least sixty (60) days prior written notice      of the non-renewal of this Agreement.

This      Agreement shall automatically renew for consecutive one (1) year terms      at XIMAGE's then prevailing rates at the end of each one (1) year term      unless either party gives at least sixty (60) days prior written notice      of the non-renewal of this Agreement.

The interests of MORPHO in this Agreement are personal and shall not be      assigned, transferred, shared or divided in any manner by MORPHO without a      prior written consent of XIMAGE.

All interventions on site are subject to a minimum total charge of      $2,000.

In addition, XIMAGE will provide the      following as additional Customer Support Services:

(c)  give title to all modifications and improvements to the PSS           Software which XIMAGE generally makes available to its other           customers (at no additional Charge) under standard software           maintenance agreements relating to the Software.

MORPHO agrees that XIMAGE's total liability to MORPHO for any damages      suffered in connection with, or arising out of, this Agreement or      MORPHO's use of any documentation, product or service provided (or to be      provided) hereunder, regardless of whether any such liability is based      upon contract, tort or other basis, shall be limited to an amount not to      exceed the basic Monthly Maintenance Charges, for a sixty (60) day term      under this Agreement.

IN NO EVENT SHALL, XIMAGE BE LIABLE TO MORPHO FOR ANY INCIDENTAL,      CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT      LIMITATION, DAMAGES ARISING FROM LOSS OF BUSINESS, DATA, PROFITS OR      GOODWILL) INCURRED OR SUFFERED BY MORPHO IN CONNECTION WITH, OR ARISING      OUT OF, THIS AGREEMENT OR MORPHO'S USE OF ANY DOCUMENTATION OR SOFTWARE      OR SERVICES PROVIDED, OR TO BE PROVIDED, HEREUNDER, EVEN IF XIMAGE HAS      BEEN APPRISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF THE SAME. NO ACTION, REGARDLESS OF      FORM, RELATED TO TRANSACTIONS OCCURRING UNDER, OR CONTEMPLATED BY, THIS      AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY MORE THAN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER      THE CAUSE OF ACTION HAS ACCRUED.

COLLABORATION & ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

Athlete

The Naked Brands Group, Inc.

Naked

Wade Enterprises

"Athlete" and together with Wade Enterprises, collectively "Wade")

Wade Enterprises, LLC

Wade Enterprises, Athlete and together with Naked, are each referred to herein as a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties".

f/s/o Dwyane Wade

15th day of June, 2015

15th day of June, 2015

The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").

The other Party will then have a period of fourteen (14) days from the date of the notice to indicate whether it also desires to extend the Term, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and if no such indication is made, the other Party will be deemed to have declined the offer to extend

In the event that either Wade or Naked wishes to extend the Term of the Agreement as contemplated above, it shall provide the other Party with written notice at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Term.

The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").

This Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

Wade represents and warrants that during the Term and in  the Territory, neither Wade nor any of his agents, representatives or employees will solicit, initiate, or encourage any proposal for an endorsement by Wade of any Innerwear to commence during the Term, or participate in any discussions or negotiations for the same.

During the Term and subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, Naked shall have an exclusive right and license in the Territory to use Athlete's name, nickname, initials, autograph, image, likeness, photographs, biographical details, facsimile signature, voice, videos, electronic media depictions, any words, symbols or other depictions, as well as any other identifying attributes that would identify Athlete to the public, including any trade mark(s), copyrights which Wade has, as set forth on Schedule A attached hereto, and all multimedia assets that Wade owns or has right to use (collectively, the "Wade Image") solely for the advertising, endorsement, promotion, or sale of the Naked Products (including the Wade Products) in the Territory as follows:

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Wade agrees that for a period of ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Term (unless the Agreement is terminated by Wade as permitted hereunder), Naked shall have the exclusive right to negotiate for continued endorsement by Athlete of the Naked Products.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Wade agrees that for a period of ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Term (unless the Agreement is terminated by Wade as permitted hereunder), Naked shall have the exclusive right to negotiate for continued endorsement by Athlete of the Naked Products.

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations contained herein may be assigned or transferred by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party.

Wade is hereby granted a warrant (the "Grant Warrant") exercisable for a period of seven (7) years from the date of issuance for the number of shares of Common Stock equal to [***] shares of Common Stock (the "Wade Grant"), subject to the following terms:

As consideration for Wade's services under this Agreement, Naked will pay Wade royalties as follows:

A. Royalties. Naked will report, and Wade will be paid, royalty payments at [***]

Beginning in the second Contract Year, Wade will be available for a maximum of one (1) production day for creating marketing assets for Wade Products and Naked Products for unlimited use in advertisements and the media, for a maximum of three (3) consecutive hours, not including scheduled breaks, during such production day period.

Wade shall be available to render services at such production day for a maximum of three (3) consecutive hours, not including scheduled breaks, during each such production day period; provided that, in the event an additional production day is reasonably required for the creation of marketing assets related to the Wade Product packaging, Athlete will be available to render services for up to an additional three (3) hours in either the first Contract Year or the second Contract Year but not both.

During each Contract Year, Wade will be available for two (2) personal appearances (each, a "Personal Appearance") on behalf of Naked and the Naked Products and Wade Products in the media, including publicity shoots, interviews, print, television, radio and social media channels, each appearance for a maximum of sixty (60) consecutive minutes to be scheduled at a time mutually agreeable to Naked and Wade;

All rights to the use of the names, trademarks, service marks, symbols, logos, domain names, trade secrets, confidential know-how, patents, copyrights, any pending applications with respect to any of the foregoing, and  any other intellectual property and related proprietary rights, interests and protections ("Intellectual Property Rights") in connection with Wade Products will be jointly owned by Wade and Naked.

During the Term and subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, Naked shall have an exclusive right and license in the Territory to use Athlete's name, nickname, initials, autograph, image, likeness, photographs, biographical details, facsimile signature, voice, videos, electronic media depictions, any words, symbols or other depictions, as well as any other identifying attributes that would identify Athlete to the public, including any trade mark(s), copyrights which Wade has, as set forth on Schedule A attached hereto, and all multimedia assets that Wade owns or has right to use (collectively, the "Wade Image") solely for the advertising, endorsement, promotion, or sale of the Naked Products (including the Wade Products) in the Territory as follows:

(1) On Naked's website(s) ("Website");

(2) In social media channels, including, but not limited to Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube, Google+, Tumblr and other mutually agreeable channels, with reasonable frequency, to promote Naked Products and Wade Products;

(3) In marketing and media opportunities in connection with the Wade Services (as defined below); and

(4) For use on the packaging of the Naked Products and Wade Products and on Wade Products themselves.

For the avoidance of doubt, that certain logo designed by Athlete prior to the date hereof (the "Logo") shall remain the sole property of Wade and Naked shall have license during the Term to use the Logo for the advertising, endorsement, promotion, or sale of the Naked Products (including the Wade Products) in the Territory in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement

Such usage may not be sold or transferred.

During the Term, Naked shall have the right in the Territory to the unlimited broadcast use and re-use of the Commercial Materials in the Territory

Beginning in the second Contract Year, Wade will be available for a maximum of one (1) production day for creating marketing assets for Wade Products and Naked Products for unlimited use in advertisements and the media, for a maximum of three (3) consecutive hours, not including scheduled breaks, during such production day period.

During the first Contract Year, Wade will be available for (i) one production day for the purpose of creating marketing assets for Naked Products for unlimited use in advertisements and the media and (ii) one production day for creating marketing assets for Wade Products and Naked Products for unlimited use in advertisements and the media, each as permitted herein.

For a period of six (6) months at the end of the Term (the "Sell-off Period"); provided that the Agreement was not terminated by Wade as permitted herein, Naked will have the right to continue to sell the Wade Products (defined below) for which orders have already been placed at the end of the Term on the terms and conditions herein.

FIRST AMENDMENT TO SAGEBRUSH MANAGEMENT AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

Manager

Sagebrush

ToyoWest Management Inc.

Partners

Partnership

Sagebrush partners

December 1, 1990

MASTER JOINT DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

Beijing CC-Pharming Ltd.

CC-Pharming

iBio Inc.

August 08, 2018

The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

August 08, 2018

The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.

The Creating Party grants to the other Party a time-limited first right to negotiate a commercial license to use, reproduce, display, and perform commercially valuable Copyright Materials for commercial purposes, and to distribute and/or sublicense such commercially valuable Copyright Materials to third parties.

Any unauthorized assignment of this Agreement is void.

Neither Party may assign its rights or delegate any of its duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party.

Copyright Materials that are jointly created by the Parties shall be jointly owned.

All rights to Agreement Inventions, patentable or non-patentable, made jointly by employees of iBio and employees of CC-Pharming ("Joint Inventions") will belong jointly to iBio and CC-Pharming, with inventorship determined as described in 35 U.S.C.  262 and (Chin Patent Law).

iBio hereby grants to CC-Pharming for the term of this Agreement, a nonexclusive, non- assignable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license to use iBio's Technology in order to manufacture, process, prepare, and obtain regulatory approval for the development and production of Product(s) and work to be performed under this Agreement.

iBio hereby grants to CC-Pharming for the term of this Agreement, a nonexclusive, non- assignable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license to use iBio's Technology in order to manufacture, process, prepare, and obtain regulatory approval for the development and production of Product(s) and work to be performed under this Agreement.

Except for claims arising out of Articles 4.3 and 7.0, or as may be set forth in a SOW, neither Party will be liable for any consequential damages, lost profits, lost savings, loss of anticipated revenue, or any exemplary, punitive, special or indirect damages, even if advised of their possibility.

Except for claims arising out of Articles 4.3 and 7.0, or as may be set forth in a SOW, neither Party will be liable for any consequential damages, lost profits, lost savings, loss of anticipated revenue, or any exemplary, punitive, special or indirect damages, even if advised of their possibility.

AMENDMENT NO. 3

MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT

Premier

Premier Nutrition Corporation

Heritage

Stremicks Heritage Foods, LLC

July 3, 2019

July 3, 2019

Outsourcing Agreement

Customer

Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

"Supplier" and, collectively with Customer, the "Parties", and each, a "Party

CARBOGEN AMCIS AG

December 30, 2016

December 30, 2016

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").

Should the Parties have not agreed to the following agreement by [* * *], this Agreement shall automatically stay in force for a maximum of [* * *] (unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties or as otherwise set forth in Section 18.1(a)) or until the Parties have signed the follow-on agreement (the "Renewal Term").

This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date and will expire in accordance with Section 2.1, unless, upon the occurrence of any of the following events, this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with this Section 18.1:

a) Customer delivers written notice of termination to Supplier at least [* * *] prior to the expiration date of the Initial Term, which termination shall be effective as of the expiration date of the Initial Term;

b) either Party delivers written notice of termination to the other Party at least [* * *] prior to the expiration date of the Renewal Term, which termination shall be effective as of the expiration date of the Renewal Term;

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive Laws of the [* * *], excluding any rules of conflicts of laws that would apply the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction.

Customer shall have the right to terminate any Scope of Work and corresponding Purchase Order for Services at any time on reasonable advance written notice to Supplier (without terminating this Agreement), in which case Customer shall be responsible for:

[* * *]

During the Term, Supplier will promptly notify Customer in writing if at any time a Change of Control shall occur as to Supplier, such notification to be given no later than fifteen (15) days following such Change of Control. [* * *]

The Parties agree that the license grant contained in this Section 11.3 is personal to Supplier only and shall be exercised by Supplier only,

Supplier shall not assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any person without the prior written consent of Customer, except to a Third Party which acquires all, or substantially all, of Supplier's business or assets, whether through merger or otherwise.

Customer shall not assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any other person without the prior written consent of Supplier, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

During the Term of this Agreement, either Party may request an increase or decrease of the Fees specified in Exhibit C no more than [* * *] and such change in Fees shall take effect on [* * *] for which such Fee change is requested.

n case of an order volume equal or less than [* * *]: The first [* * *] of each short term rolling forecast shall be binding firm purchase orders by Customer (each a "Purchase Order") and the last [* * *] of each short term rolling forecast shall be non-binding, good faith estimates.

Supplier agrees to assign (and cause its employees or permitted subcontractors to assign), and does hereby assign, any and all rights, title and interests of Supplier in, to or under any Inventions to Customer.

With respect to any ideas, innovations, Improvements or inventions (whether patentable or non-patentable) developed by Supplier during the Term of this Agreement and [* * *], the Parties agree that, as between Customer and Supplier, Customer shall own all Rights to such Inventions and may obtain patent, copyright, and other proprietary protection respecting such Inventions.

During the Term, Customer hereby grants to Supplier a paid-up, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, without the right to sublicense, to Customer's Confidential Information and the Customer Technology reasonably necessary to Manufacture and supply to Customer the Product hereunder, but only for such purposes.

only for such purposes. The Parties agree that the license grant contained in this Section 11.3 is personal to Supplier only and shall be exercised by Supplier only,

During the Term, Customer hereby grants to Supplier a paid-up, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, without the right to sublicense, to Customer's Confidential Information and the Customer Technology reasonably necessary to Manufacture and supply to Customer the Product hereunder, but only for such purposes.

e) Supplier shall promptly cooperate with Customer to transfer and transition supply of the Products to a Third Party supplier. Upon Customer's request, Supplier shall cooperate with Customer in the transfer of technology and know-how necessary to Manufacture Products to such Third Party supplier, including providing Customer and the Third Party supplier with reasonable access to the Facilities and consulting services related to Manufacturing of the Product. Supplier shall conduct such activities at Customer's expense paid in advance.

On expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, unless otherwise instructed by Customer, Supplier shall, within [* * *], return to Customer all samples or other supplies of the Product (for which Supplier has been paid) in its possession or control in any form, with the exception of any samples such as retention samples that Supplier may be required to keep according to Applicable Law

For the avoidance of doubt, any signed Purchase Order which has not been completed at the date of expiry shall continue in effect unless cancelled in accordance with Section 6.4 or Article 18.

On expiration or the effective date of termination of this Agreement, if earlier:

Customer shall have the right to have a representative present at each Facility to observe the performance of the Manufacturing Process by Supplier during normal business hours with at least [* * *] advance notice.

As such it is Supplier's obligation to segregate Third Party documents and materials from Customer's documents and materials and Customer will not be restricted from observing any part of Customer's Manufacturing Process and related documentation.

Supplier shall have the right to reasonably restrict such observation access to prevent undue interference with Supplier's business operations or compromise Supplier's confidentiality obligations to Third Parties; provided, however, Customer's observation access shall be absolute with regard to the Manufacturing Process for the Product.

The frequency of such audits as well as the response time with respect to audit findings shall be governed by the Quality Agreement.

Supplier shall allow monitoring of the Facilities as set forth in Section 3.6 and inspections or audits as provided for in the Quality Agreement.

For clarity, nothing in this Section 3.1 limits Supplier's liability under this Agreement or under law, including liability for negligence, willful misconduct and failure to comply with Product Specifications; [* * *].

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW IN THIS SECTION 13.4(b), WITH RESPECT [* * *], IN NO EVENT SHALL A PARTY'S LIABILITY BE GREATER THAN, PER CLAIM OR SERIES OF CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE SAME CAUSE OF ACTION, [* * *].

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW IN THIS SECTION 13.4(b), IN NO EVENT WILL SUPPLIER'S LIABILITY, [* * *], BE GREATER THAN, PER CLAIM OR SERIES OF CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE SAME CAUSE OF ACTION, [* * *].

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW IN THIS SECTION 13.4(b), [* * *], AS APPLICABLE, IN NO EVENT SHALL A PARTY'S LIABILITY, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, BE GREATER THAN, PER CLAIM OR SERIES OF CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE SAME CAUSE OF ACTION, [* * *].

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW IN THIS SECTION 13.4(b), WITH RESPECT [* * *], IN NO EVENT SHALL A PARTY'S LIABILITY BE GREATER THAN, PER CLAIM OR SERIES OF CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE SAME CAUSE OF ACTION, [* * *].

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW IN THIS SECTION 13.4(b), [* * *], AS APPLICABLE, IN NO EVENT SHALL A PARTY'S LIABILITY, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, BE GREATER THAN, PER CLAIM OR SERIES OF CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE SAME CAUSE OF ACTION, [* * *].

[* * *], IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS, HOWEVER CAUSED, ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY. THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS SECTION 13.4(b), WITH RESPECT TO [* * *] IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPPLIER'S LIABILITY, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, BE GREATER THAN, PER CLAIM OR SERIES OF CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE SAME CAUSE OF ACTION, [* * *].

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW IN THIS SECTION 13.4(b), IN NO EVENT WILL SUPPLIER'S LIABILITY, [* * *], BE GREATER THAN, PER CLAIM OR SERIES OF CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE SAME CAUSE OF ACTION, [* * *].

Customer or its designees shall, within a period of [* * *] after the date of physical receipt of any shipment of Product from Supplier, inspect the Product for any shortages or any defects or deviations of the Product

The cost of storage, monitoring (including any on-going analytical analysis), and insurance before shipment shall be borne by [* * *].

Each Party may request that the other Party procure and maintain such additional insurance coverage relating to the Manufacture of the Product and the facilities therefore as may be reasonably necessary in respect of the Parties' respective obligations under this Agreement.

Each of Customer and Supplier shall, upon request by the other, provide the other Party with a copy of all insurance policies maintained under this Article 15 relating to the Manufacture of the Product in bulk quantities and the facilities therefor and shall notify the other Party in writing at least 30 days prior to the cancellation of or any material change to such insurance policies.

Customer and Supplier each represent that they are sufficiently insured against any liability arising under this Agreement.

Addendum to Lease Agreement

Franchise Agreement

________________________________________

"we," "us," the "Company," or "The Joint Corp."

The Joint Corp.

("you," "Franchise Owner," or "Franchisee

if you are a partnership, corporation, or limited liability company, your "Principal Owners"

_____ day of _______________, 20__

_____ day of _______________, 20__

The Initial Term will begin on the Agreement Date.

Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.

You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")

Should you choose to renew the Franchise, you must provide us with written notice of that intent no earlier than two (2) years and no later than one (1) year before the expiration of the Initial Term.

Subject to the provisions of subparagraph 2.6(b) below, and if you have substantially complied with all provisions of this Agreement and all other agreements between us, on expiration of the Initial Term, if you refurbish and decorate the Premises, replace fixtures, furnishings, wall decor, furniture, equipment, and signs and otherwise modify the Franchise in compliance with specifications and standards then applicable under new or renewal franchises for The Joint Corp. Location franchises, you will have the right to renew the Franchise for one (1) additional term of ten (10) years (the "Renewal Term").

Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C.  1051  et seq.) and except that all issues relating to arbitrability or the enforcement or interpretation of the agreement to arbitrate set forth in Section 17.9 which will be governed by the United States Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C.  1  et seq.) and the federal common law relating to arbitration, this Agreement and the Franchise will be governed by the internal laws of the State of Arizona (without reference to its choice of law and conflict of law rules), except that the provisions of any Arizona law relating to the offer and sale of business opportunities or franchises or governing the relationship of a franchisor and its franchisees will not apply unless their jurisdictional requirements are met independently without reference to this Paragraph.

Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, you agree not to engage in a competitive business for a period of two (2) years after the termination or expiration and within twenty-five (25) miles of your Franchise Premises or any other The Joint Corp. Location franchise location.

you and your Principal Owners must enter into a non-competition agreement wherein you agree not to engage in a competitive business for a period of two (2) years after the Transfer and within twenty-five (25) miles of your Franchise Premises or any other The Joint Corp. Location franchise location;

Therefore, during the term of this Agreement, neither you, nor any Principal Owner, nor any member of your immediate family or of the immediate family of any Principal Owner, shall perform services for, or have any direct or indirect interest as a disclosed or beneficial owner, investor, partner, director, officer, employee, manager, consultant, representative, or agent in, any business that offers products or services the same as or similar to those offered or sold at The Joint Corp. Location franchises.

Although we will not seek to operate or grant others the right to operate a The Joint Corp. Location within the same general area as the Premises, we make no guarantee of any protected territory.

Although we will not seek to operate or grant others the right to operate a The Joint Corp. Location within the same general area as the Premises, we make no guarantee of any protected territory.

The ownership of one percent (1%) or less of a publicly traded company will not be deemed to be prohibited by this Paragraph

(8) you are involved in any action that is likely to adversely affect the reputation of the Company, the Franchise, and/or the goodwill associated with the Marks;

You further agree to refrain from any business or advertising practice that may be harmful to the business of the Company, the Franchise, and/or the goodwill associated with the Marks and other The Joint Corp. franchises.

We have the right to terminate this Agreement effective upon delivery of notice of termination to you, if:

We will have the right to terminate the Ad Fund by giving you thirty (30) days' advance written notice.

Upon the termination or expiration of the Franchise, we will have the option, but not the obligation, exercisable for thirty (30) days upon written notice to you, to purchase at fair market value all of the assets of the Franchise, including all approved equipment, fixtures, furniture and signs and all supplies, materials, and other items imprinted with any Mark, and to take an assignment of the lease for the Premises and any other lease or concession agreement necessary for the operation of the Franchise.

We will not exercise a right of first refusal with respect to a proposed Transfer of less than a controlling interest to a member of a Principal Owner's immediate family or to your key employees.

If the proposed Transfer includes assets not related to the operation of the Franchise, we may purchase only the assets related to the operation of the Franchise or may also purchase the other assets

Any material change in the terms of an offer before closing will make it a new offer, revoking any previous approval or previously made election to purchase and giving us a new right of first refusal effective as of the day we receive formal notice of a material change in the terms.

We have the right, exercisable by delivering written notice to the transferor within fifteen (15) days from the date of last delivery to us of the offer and any other documents we have requested, to purchase the Interest for the price and on the terms and conditions contained in the offer, except that we may substitute cash for any form of payment proposed in the offer, and will not be obligated to pay any "finder's" or broker's fees that are a part of the proposed Transfer.

You must immediately notify us of any changes in the terms of an offer.

The party proposing the Transfer (the "transferor") must obtain a bona fide, executed written offer (accompanied by a "good faith" earnest money deposit of at least five percent (5%) of the proposed purchase price) from a responsible and fully disclosed purchaser, and must submit an exact copy of the offer to us.

Any later proposal to complete that proposed Transfer will be deemed a new offer, giving us a new right of approval and right of first refusal effective as of the day we receive formal notice of the new (or continuing) proposal.

If we do not exercise our right of first refusal, the transferor may complete the sale to the Proposed New Owner pursuant to and on the terms of the offer, as long as we have approved the Transfer as provided in this Section 14.

If you or any of your Principal Owners wishes to Transfer any Interest, we will have a right of first refusal to purchase that Interest as follows.

As used in this Agreement the term "Transfer" means any voluntary, involuntary, direct or indirect assignment, sale, gift, exchange, grant of a security interest, or occurrence of any other event which would or might change the ownership of any Interest, and includes, without limitation: (1) the Transfer of ownership of capital stock, partnership interest or other ownership interest (including the granting of options (such as stock options or any option which give anyone ownership rights now or in the future); (2) merger or consolidation, or issuance of additional securities representing an ownership interest in Franchise Owner; (3) sale of common stock of Franchise Owner sold pursuant to a private placement or registered public offering; (4) Transfer of an Interest in a divorce proceeding or otherwise by operation of law; or (5) Transfer of an Interest by will, declaration of or transfer in trust, or under the laws of intestate succession.

Accordingly, neither this Agreement nor any part of your interest in it, nor any Interest (as defined in Paragraph 14.2) of Franchise Owner or a Principal Owner, may be transferred (see definition below) without our advance written approval if such transfer will result in the Principal Owner(s) set forth in Exhibit 4 holding less than a seventy-five percent (75%) Interest in Franchise Owner.

If you propose to Transfer this Agreement, the Franchise or its assets, or any Interest, or if any of your Principal Owners proposes to Transfer a controlling Interest in you or make a Transfer that is one of a series of Transfers which taken together would constitute the Transfer of a controlling Interest in you, then all of the following conditions must be met before or at the time of the Transfer:   (a) the Proposed New Owner must have sufficient business experience, aptitude, and financial resources to operate the Franchise;   (b) you must pay any amounts owed for purchases from us and our affiliates, and any other amounts owed to us or our affiliates which are unpaid;   (c) the Proposed New Owner's directors and such other personnel as we may designate must have successfully completed our Initial Training program, and shall be legally authorized and have all licenses necessary to perform the services offered by the Franchise. The Proposed New Owner shall be responsible for any wages and compensation owed to, and the travel and living expenses (including all transportation costs, room, board and meals) incurred by, the attendees who attend the Initial Training program;   (d) if your lease for the Premises requires it, the lessor must have consented to the assignment of the lease of the Premises to the Proposed New Owner;   (e) you (or the Proposed New Owner) must pay us a Transfer fee equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the then current initial franchise fee we charge to new Start-up Location franchisees, and must reimburse us for any reasonable expenses incurred by us in investigating and processing any Proposed New Owner where the Transfer is not consummated for any reason;   (f) you and your Principal Owners and your and their spouses must execute a general release (in a form satisfactory to us) of any and all claims you and/or they may have against us, our affiliates, and our and our affiliates' respective officers, directors, employees, and agents;

However, no assignment shall be effective until such time as Franchisor or its designated affiliate gives Lessor written notice of its acceptance of the assignment, and nothing contained herein or in any other document shall constitute Franchisor or its designated subsidiary or affiliate a party to the Lease Agreement, or guarantor thereof, and shall not create any liability or obligation of Franchisor or its parent unless and until the Lease Agreement is assigned to, and accepted in writing by, Franchisor or its parent, subsidiary or affiliate.

If you have transferred your Interests in violation of this Agreement you shall be considered in breach of this Agreement.

Any Transfer that is made without our approval will constitute a breach of this Agreement and convey no rights to or interests in this Agreement, you, the Franchise, or any other The Joint Corp. franchise.

(g) we must approve the material terms and conditions of the proposed Transfer, including without limitation that the price and terms of payment are not so burdensome as to adversely affect the operation of the Franchise;   (h) the Franchise and the Premises shall have been placed in an attractive, neat and sanitary condition;   (i) you and your Principal Owners must enter into an agreement with us providing that all obligations of the Proposed New Owner to make installment payments of the purchase price (and any interest on it) to you or your Principal Owners will be subordinate to the obligations of the Proposed New Owner to pay any amounts payable under this Agreement or any new Franchise Agreement that we may require the Proposed New Owner to sign in connection with the Transfer;   (j) you and your Principal Owners must enter into a non-competition agreement wherein you agree not to engage in a competitive business for a period of two (2) years after the Transfer and within twenty-five (25) miles of your Franchise Premises or any other The Joint Corp. Location franchise location;   (k) the Franchise shall have been determined by us to contain all equipment and fixtures in good working condition, as were required at the initial opening of the Franchise. The Proposed New Owner shall have agreed, in writing, to make such reasonable capital expenditures to remodel, equip, modernize and redecorate the interior and exterior of the premises in accordance with our then existing plans and specifications for a The Joint Corp. Location franchise, and shall have agreed to pay our expenses for plan preparation or review, and site inspection;   (l)  upon receiving our consent for the Transfer or sale of the Franchise, the Proposed New Owner shall agree to assume all of your obligations under this Agreement in a form acceptable to us, or, at our option, shall agree to execute a new Franchise Agreement with us in the form then being used by us. We may, at our option, require that you guarantee the performance, and obligations of the Proposed New Owner; and   (m) you must have properly offered us the opportunity to exercise our right of first refusal as described below, and we must have then declined to exercise it.

The amount actually transferred from the Account to pay Royalty Fees and Advertising Fees will be based on the Franchise's gross revenues as reported in the Franchise's practice management software. If you have not properly input the Franchise's gross revenues for any reporting period, then we will be authorized to debit the Account in an amount equal to one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the Royalty Fee, Advertising Fee, and other amounts transferred from the Account for the last reporting period for which a report of the Franchise's gross revenues was provided to us.

This amount must equal the greater of (a) Three Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($3,000.00); or (b) five percent (5%) of the Franchise's gross revenues for each month during the term of this Agreement (the "Local Advertising Requirement").

If we establish an Ad Fund, you agree to contribute to the Ad Fund a percentage of gross revenues of the Franchise in an amount we designate from time to time by notice to you, up to a maximum of two percent (2%) of the gross revenues of the Franchise

You agree to pay us a continuing franchise royalty fee ("Royalty Fee") in the amount of seven percent (7%) of the gross revenues of the Franchise for all periods, with a minimum monthly amount of Seven Hundred and No/100 Dollars ($700.00).

As of the date of this Agreement, the current required contribution to the Ad Fund is one percent (1%) of the gross revenues of the Franchise.

We may charge you (in addition to the Royalty Fee and Advertising Fee contributions due under this Agreement) a reasonable management fee in an amount that we may specify, equal to up to ten percent (10%) of the Franchise's gross revenues, plus our direct out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if we assume management of the Franchise under this Paragraph.

You must spend, in addition to any contributions to the Ad Fund, a minimum of the greater of (a) Three Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($3,000.00); or (b) five percent (5%) of the Franchise's gross revenues for each month during the term of this Agreement, as outlined in Paragraph 6.4, for local advertising, promotion and marketing.

(11) you fail to meet the minimum local advertising expenditures required in Section 11.2, and to provide the required proof of your expenditures;

During sixty (60) day period that begins thirty (30) days prior to the opening of your Franchise, and ending thirty (30) days after the opening of your Franchise (the "Grand Opening Period"), you will be required to expend at least Ten Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($10,000.00) in verifiable marketing costs to publicize the grand opening of your Franchise.

(e) you will expend at least Six Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($6,000.00) every four (4) years in remodeling, expansion, redecorating and/or refurnishing of the Premises and the Franchise, if deemed necessary by us (any changes to the decoration or furnishing of the Premises must be approved by us);

Minimum individual and aggregate Principal Owner ownership percentage required at all times during the term of this Agreement:   4-2.1 During the term of this Agreement, the Principal Owners together must have a "controlling interest" of no less than seventy-five percent (75%) of the equity, voting control and profits in the Franchise Owner.   4-2.2 Unless otherwise permitted, the required minimum "ownership interest" of each Principal Owner during the term of this Agreement is:

Name   Ownership Percentage

We have the right to terminate this Agreement effective upon delivery of notice of termination to you, if:

You agree that:

You agree to pay us a continuing franchise royalty fee ("Royalty Fee") in the amount of seven percent (7%) of the gross revenues of the Franchise for all periods, with a minimum monthly amount of Seven Hundred and No/100 Dollars ($700.00).

If we offer any such mandatory training programs, then you or your designated personnel must attend a minimum of seventy-five percent (75%) of the programs offered on an annual basis.

You further acknowledge and agree that we and our affiliates have the right to charge a reasonable systems fee for software or systems installation services; modifications and enhancements specifically made for us or our affiliates that are licensed to you; and other maintenance and support Computer System-related services that we or our affiliates furnish to you.

You acknowledge that your right to use the Marks is derived solely from this Agreement, and is limited to your operation of the Franchise pursuant to and in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable standards, specifications, and operating procedures we prescribe from time to time during the term of the Franchise.

You agree not to use any Mark as part of any corporate or trade name or with any prefix, suffix, or other modifying words, terms, designs, or symbols (other than logos and additional trade and service marks licensed to you under this Agreement), or in any modified form.

You also shall not use any Mark or any commercial symbol similar to the Marks in connection with the performance or sale of any unauthorized services or products, or in any other manner we have not expressly authorized in writing.

In addition, we may, at any time and from time to time, contract with one or more software providers, business service providers, or other third parties (individually, a "Service Provider") to develop, license, or otherwise provide to or for the use and benefit of you and other The Joint Corp. Franchises certain software, software applications, and software maintenance and support services related to the Computer System that you must or may use in accordance with our instructions with respect to your Computer System.

You agree to use the Marks as the sole trade identification of the Franchise, except that you will display at the Franchise location a notice, in the form we prescribe, stating that you are the independent owner of the Franchise pursuant to a Franchise Agreement with us.

As part of the Computer System, we may require you to obtain specified computer hardware and/or software, including without limitation a license to use proprietary software developed by us or others.

Upon the termination or expiration of the Franchise, we will have the option, but not the obligation, exercisable for thirty (30) days upon written notice to you, to purchase at fair market value all of the assets of the Franchise, including all approved equipment, fixtures, furniture and signs and all supplies, materials, and other items imprinted with any Mark, and to take an assignment of the lease for the Premises and any other lease or concession agreement necessary for the operation of the Franchise

Upon the expiration or termination of either the Lease Agreement or the Franchise Agreement (attached), Lessor will cooperate with and assist Franchisor in securing possession of the Premises and if Franchisor does not elect to take an assignment of the Lessee's interest, Lessor will allow Franchisor to enter the Premises, without being guilty of trespass and without incurring any liability to Lessor, to remove all signs, awnings, and all other items identifying the Premises as a Franchised Business and to make other modifications (such as repainting) as are reasonably necessary to protect The Joint marks and system, and to distinguish the Premises from a Franchised Business.

We have the right to inspect the proposed supplier's facilities, and require that product samples from the proposed supplier be delivered, at our option, either directly to us, or to any independent, certified laboratory that we may designate, for testing.

We have the right at any time during business hours, and without advance notice to you, to inspect and audit, or cause to be inspected and audited, the business records, bookkeeping and accounting records, sales and income tax records and returns and other records of the Franchise, and the books and records of any corporation, limited liability company, or partnership that holds the Franchise.

To determine whether you and the Franchise are complying with this Agreement and the specifications, standards, and operating procedures we prescribe for the operation of the Franchise, we or our agents have the right, at any reasonable time and without advance notice to you, to: (1) inspect the Premises; (2) observe the operations of the Franchise for such consecutive or intermittent periods as we deem necessary; (3) interview personnel of the Franchise; (4) interview customers of the Franchise; and (5) inspect and copy any books, records and documents relating to the operation of the Franchise.

Except with respect to your obligations to indemnify us and claims that we may bring under Sections 7, 9, 15, or 16 of this Agreement, and except for claims arising from your non-payment or underpayment of any amounts owed to us or our affiliates, (1) any and all claims arising out of or related to this Agreement or the relationship between you and us shall be barred, by express agreement of the parties, unless an action or proceeding is commenced within two (2) years from the date the cause of action accrues; and (2) you and we hereby waive to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to or claim for any punitive or exemplary damages against the other, and agree that, except to the extent provided to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of a dispute between you and us, each party will be limited to the recovery of any actual damages sustained by it.

Except with respect to your obligations to indemnify us and claims that we may bring under Sections 7, 9, 15, or 16 of this Agreement, and except for claims arising from your non-payment or underpayment of any amounts owed to us or our affiliates, (1) any and all claims arising out of or related to this Agreement or the relationship between you and us shall be barred, by express agreement of the parties, unless an action or proceeding is commenced within two (2) years from the date the cause of action accrues; and (2) you and we hereby waive to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to or claim for any punitive or exemplary damages against the other, and agree that, except to the extent provided to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of a dispute between you and us, each party will be limited to the recovery of any actual damages sustained by it.

In the event that you use, sell or distribute unauthorized products or services, and do not cease the use, sale, or distribution of unauthorized services or products within ten (10) days after written notice is given to you, we reserve the right to terminate this agreement and/or charge you a fee of One Hundred and No/100 Dollars ($100.00) for each day that you fail to comply with our demand to cease the use, sale or distribution of unauthorized products or services, which is a reasonable estimate of the damages we would incur from your continued use, sale or distribution of unauthorized products or services, and not a penalt

(10) provide proof, in a format satisfactory to us, that you have obtained all required insurance policies, and have name us, as an additional insurance under all such policies;

You must purchase such insurance coverage(s) only from our approved or designated supplier(s).

You agree at your own expense to do the following by the Opening Deadline defined in Exhibit 1:

You must provide us with copies of policies evidencing the existence of such insurance concurrently with execution of this Agreement and prior to each subsequent renewal date of each insurance policy, along with certificates evidencing such insurance.

In addition to the requirements of the foregoing paragraphs of this Paragraph 10.8, you must maintain any and all insurance coverage in such amounts and under such terms and conditions as may be required in connection with your lease or purchase of the Premises.

(5) you have furnished us with copies of all insurance policies required by Paragraph 10.8 of this Agreement, or have provided us with appropriate alternative evidence of insurance coverage and payment of premiums as we have requested;

We have the right to terminate this Agreement effective upon delivery of notice of termination to you, if:

If you at any time fail or refuse to maintain any insurance coverage required by us or to furnish satisfactory evidence thereof, then we, at our option and in addition to our other rights and remedies under this Agreement, may, but need not, obtain such insurance coverage on your behalf, and you shall reimburse us on demand for any costs or premiums paid or incurred by us, including any administrative fees or surcharges that we may incur.

(13) you fail to procure or maintain any and all insurance coverage that we require, or otherwise fail to name us as an additional insured on any such insurance policies and failure to do so within ten (10) days after written notice is given to you;

Each insurance policy must name us (and, if we so request, our members, directors, employees, agents, and affiliates) as additional insureds, and must provide us with thirty (30) days' advance written notice of any material modification, cancellation, or expiration of the policy. Deductibles must be in reasonable amounts, and are subject to review and written approval by us.

You agree not to open the Franchise for business until:

Before you open the Franchise and during any Term of this Agreement, you must maintain in force, under policies of insurance written on an occurrence basis issued by carriers with an A.M. Best rating of A-VIII or better approved by us, and in such amounts as we may determine from time to time: (1) comprehensive public, professional, product, medical malpractice and motor vehicle liability insurance against claims for bodily and personal injury, death and property damage caused by or occurring in conjunction with the operation of the Franchise or otherwise in conjunction with your conduct of the Franchise Business pursuant to this Agreement, under one or more policies of insurance containing minimum liability coverage amounts as set forth in the Operations Manual; (2) general casualty insurance, including theft, cash theft, fire and extended coverage, vandalism and malicious mischief insurance, for the replacement value of the Franchise and its contents, and any other assets of the Franchise; (3) worker's compensation and employer's liability insurance as required by law, with limits equal to or in excess of those required by statute; (4) business interruption insurance for a period adequate to reestablish normal business operations, but in any event not less than six (6) months; (5) any other insurance required by applicable law, rule, regulation, ordinance or licensing requirements; and (6) umbrella liability coverage with limits of not less than $1,000,000/$3,000,000 or such other amounts that we may establish in the Operations Manual.

Prior to the expiration of the term of each insurance policy, you must furnish us with a copy of a renewal or replacement insurance policy and appropriate certificates of insurance.

Lessor and Lessee expressly agree that Franchisor is a third party beneficiary of this Addendum.

PROMOTION AGREEMENT

Promoter

VNUE, Inc.

BookingEntertainment.com

VNUE

September 10, 2015

September 10, 2015

This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").

At any time prior to the end of the Term, the Parties may agree in writing to extend the Agreement for successive One (1) Year periods (the "Renewal Terms") under the same conditions set forth herein.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without giving effect to choice of law doctrine.

For every Five (5) music venues that sign a contract with VNUE, Six Hundred Thousand (600,000) shares of VNUE common stock shall be awarded to Promoter;   and   If Ten (10) music venues sign a contract with VNUE before January 16, 2016, Promoter will receive an additional bonus of Three Hundred Thousand (300,000) shares of VNUE common stock.

Three Million (3,000,000) shares of VNUE common stock shall be awarded to Promoter for performing Promotion Services as follows:

OUTSOURCING AGREEMENT

WYZZ and Nexstar are sometimes referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

WYZZ

NEXSTAR

WYZZ Licensee, Inc.

WYZZ, Inc.

Nexstar Broadcasting of Peoria, L.L.C.

November 28, 2001

December 1, 2001

Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Maryland, without regard to its choice of law rules.

In addition to the other restrictions contained herein, Nexstar shall not enter into any material contractual obligation with respect to WYZZ-TV without first consulting with WYZZ to determine whether or not WYZZ (or its affiliates) is able to obtain more favorable terms with respect to the subject matter of such contract.

This Agreement may be terminated by WYZZ by written notice to Nexstar (i) at any time upon six (6) months prior written notice, (ii) on six (6) months prior notice following the sale of WMBD-TV by Nexstar and/or (iii) if WYZZ is not then in material default or breach hereof and if the Nexstar is in material breach of its representations or its material obligations hereunder, and has failed to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of notice from WYZZ; provided, no notice may be given pursuant to clause (i) of this section prior to the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Effective Date.

This Agreement may be terminated by Nexstar by written notice to WYZZ (i) any time upon six (6) months prior notice, (ii) on six (6) months prior notice following the sale of WYZZ-TV by WYZZ, and/or (iii) if Nexstar is not then in material default or breach hereof, and WYZZ is in material breach of its representations or its material obligations hereunder, and has failed to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of written notice from Nexstar; provided, no notice may be given pursuant to clause (i) of this section prior to the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Effective Date.

Except as otherwise provided by this Agreement or in the event that either Party sells or otherwise transfers its Station to another (in which case such Party shall be required to assign to the Buyer, and such Buyer shall be required to assume, this Agreement, in its entirety), neither Party hereto shall assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement to a third party without the express written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, WYZZ shall continue to be the owner of and shall be entitled to all revenues resulting from the sale of advertising and other time on WYZZ-TV before, during and/or after the Term; provided, however, in consideration of the Services, Nexstar shall be entitled to all revenues resulting from the sale of advertising and other time on the Stations during the Term remaining after the payment of the amounts set forth below:

            (a) Within seventy-five (75) days following the end of each month of a calendar year during the Term that "BCF" (as defined below) for such month, when combined with BCF for all prior months during such calendar year (other than any month which is outside the Term) is less than the Minimum BCF, Nexstar shall pay a fee to WYZZ in an amount equal to thirty-five percent (35%) of BCF for such month. Within seventy-five (75) days following the end of each month of a calendar year during the Term that BCF for such month, when combined with BCF for all prior months of such calendar year (other than any month which is outside the Term) is greater than the Minimum BCF, Nexstar shall pay a fee to WYZZ in an amount equal to 50% of BCF for such month; provided, in the first month of each calendar year in which this sentence applies, the fee with respect to the portion of BCF for such month which, when combined with BCF for all prior months during such year (other than any month which is outside the Term) is exactly equal to the Minimum BCF, shall equal thirty-five percent (35%) of such portion rather than fifty percent (50%).

The Minimum BCF shall be Three Million Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars ($3,700,000) for calendar year 2002 and shall be increased on January 1, 2003 and on each January 1 thereafter in an amount equal to the percentage increase in the Consumer Price Index (published by the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics, Philadelphia Regional Office - All Urban Consumers for the United States - All Items) (the "PI") over the prior year.

During the Term, Nexstar shall calculate BCF (the "BCF Report") for each calendar month. The last day of each calendar month is referred to herein as an "End Date". During the Term, Nexstar shall, within thirty (30) days of each End Date deliver to WYZZ-TV the BCF Report for the month ending on such End Date. Within ninety (90) days following each

                                       3

calendar year during the Term, Nexstar shall notify WYZZ of the BCF for such year (the "Final BCF Report") and, subject to clause (h) of this Section 2, within thirty (30) days after such notification either Nexstar shall make a payment to WYZZ or WYZZ shall make a payment to Nexstar, as appropriate to "true-up" the payments made hereunder based on (i) the final determination of the BCF for the entire year, and (ii) the principle that the aggregate Section 2(a) Amount for the calendar year should be equal to (x) thirty-five percent (35%) of BCF for such calendar year up to the Minimum BCF for such year, plus (y) fifty percent (50%) of BCF for such calendar year in excess of the Minimum BCF for such year, minus (z) the sum of one hundred percent (100%) of any costs incurred by Nexstar during such calendar year in maintaining, replacing or purchasing capital equipment which is owned by WYZZ or which is used solely in connection with the operation of WYZZ-TV, and fifty percent (50%) of any costs incurred by Nexstar during such calendar year in maintaining, replacing or purchasing capital equipment which is not owned by WYZZ and which is used in connection with the combined operation of both Stations (in each case to the extent such costs were not otherwise deducted in the calculation of BCF).

Within seventy-five (75) days following the end of each month of a calendar year during the Term that "BCF" (as defined below) for such month, when combined with BCF for all prior months during such calendar year (other than any month which is outside the Term) is less than the Minimum BCF, Nexstar shall pay a fee to WYZZ in an amount equal to thirty-five percent (35%) of BCF for such month. Within seventy-five (75) days following the end of each month of a calendar year during the Term that BCF for such month, when combined with BCF for all prior months of such calendar year (other than any month which is outside the Term) is greater than the Minimum BCF, Nexstar shall pay a fee to WYZZ in an amount equal to 50% of BCF for such month; provided, in the first month of each calendar year in which this sentence applies, the fee with respect to the portion of BCF for such month which, when combined with BCF for all prior months during such year (other than any month which is outside the Term) is exactly equal to the Minimum BCF, shall equal thirty-five percent (35%) of such portion rather than fifty percent (50%).

If this Agreement is terminated for any reason, WYZZ may continue to use Nexstar's facility (to the extent of, and consistent with, the use immediately prior to the termination) for a period of six (6) months following the date of actual termination, without regard to any continuation which occurs as a result of the immediately succeeding sentence (the "Continuation Period").

At all times during the Term and for six (6) months following the termination of this Agreement, WYZZ shall have the right, upon prior written request to Nexstar, to review all of the books and records of Nexstar relating to the BCF Report and the Distributions.

In addition, in the event of a material breach by Nexstar of its obligations hereunder, WYZZ shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and exercise its rights pursuant to Section 25(a) hereof (except that WYZZ may not assert consequential, special or punitive damages or any claim for lost profits).

In addition, in the event of a material breach by WYZZ of its obligations hereunder, Nexstar shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and exercise its rights pursuant to Section 25(b) hereof (except that Nexstar may not assert consequential, special or punitive damages or any claim for lost profits).

Nexstar shall maintain replacement cost casualty and liability insurance and property insurance on all of its assets and properties used and useful in the operation of WMBD-TV, general liability insurance, workers compensation insurance, and broadcast liability insurance, all in such amounts and on such terms and conditions that are ordinary and customary in the broadcast industry and that are reasonably acceptable to WYZZ.

WYZZ shall maintain replacement cost casualty and liability insurance and property insurance on all of its assets and properties used and useful in the operation of WYZZ-TV, general liability insurance and workers compensation insurance in such amounts and on such terms and conditions that are ordinary and customary in the broadcast industry and that are reasonably acceptable to Nexstar.

MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

CURRENT ELECTRONICS, INC.

collectively and together with their respective successors and assigns, the "Lenders"

Investor

in such capacity and together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the "Agent"

SUNTRON CORPORATION

SUNTRON-KANSAS, INC.

collectively, the "Borrowers"

EFTC OPERATING CORP.

Agent

K*TEC OPERATING CORP.

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

SUNTRON GCO, L.P.

SUNTRON-IOWA, INC.

RM ELECTRONICS, INC.

THAYER EQUITY INVESTORS IV, L.P.

28th day of March 2006

This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

THE VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF.

Any one or more of the following events shall constitute a "Maintenance Event of Default" under this Agreement:

(d) if Investor shall, at any time, fail to have committed capital in an aggregate minimum amount equal to $5,000,000 less the sum of all Required Capital Contributions (if any) actually made by the Investor during the term of this Agreement, as determined based on the most recent information made available by the Investor to the Agent pursuant to Section 20 below;

The Investor agrees to deliver to the Agent, from time to time, promptly following Agent's request therefor, a sworn affidavit or other evidence reasonably acceptable to the Agent substantiating that the Investor has committed capital in an aggregate minimum amount equal to $5,000,000 less the sum of all Required Capital Contributions (if any) actually made by the Investor during the term of this Agreement.

The Investor acknowledges and agrees that if a Maintenance Event of Default (as defined in Section 10 below) has occurred and is continuing hereunder, the Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Lenders, shall have the non-exclusive right to





obtain specific performance of the obligation of the Investor to make the Required Capital Contributions.

The payment of such amount is intended to constitute liquidated damages to the Agent and the Lenders and shall not be deemed to constitute a forfeiture or penalty.

The Investor, the Agent and the Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that (a) an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the full amount of each Required Capital Contribution that has not been made by the Investor and (ii) the then-outstanding balance of the Obligations, represents a reasonable estimate of the damages which the Agent and the Lenders will sustain upon the occurrence of an Maintenance Event of Default hereunder, and (b) such lesser amount will be the full, agreed and liquidated damages resulting from the occurrence of any Maintenance Event of Default hereunder.

The Investor hereby irrevocably waives, to the extent that it may do so under applicable law: (a) any defense based on the adequacy of a remedy at law which may be asserted as a bar to the remedy of specific performance in any action brought against the Investor for specific performance of this Agreement by Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Lenders, or for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders by a receiver or trustee appointed for any Borrower or in respect of all or a substantial part of any Borrower's assets under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of any jurisdiction to which such Borrower is, or its assets are, subject, (b) all statutes of limitations as a defense to any action or proceeding brought against the Investor by the Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Lenders under this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (c) any right the Investor may have to require the Agent or the Lenders to proceed against the Borrowers (or any of them), proceed against or exhaust any security held from the Borrowers (or any of them), or pursue any other remedy in the Agent's or the Lenders' power to pursue, (d) any defense based on any claim that the Investor's obligations hereunder exceed or are more burdensome than those of the Borrowers under the Financing Agreement or the other Loan Documents

EACH OF THE INVESTOR, THE AGENT AND THE LENDERS IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

Service Provider

Solar Power, Inc.

Solar Tax Partners 1, LLC

Owner

Owner and Service Provider are sometimes hereinafter referred to individually as a "Party" and collectively as  the "Parties.

December 11, 2009

December 11, 2009

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term")  unless terminated in accordance with its terms.

This Agreement shall be subject to an automatic extension for consecutive one (1) year periods  thereafter (each, an "Extension Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term"), unless terminated (i) in accordance with its terms or (ii)  upon thirty (30) days' written notice by either Party to the other Party.

This Agreement shall be subject to an automatic extension for consecutive one (1) year periods  thereafter (each, an "Extension Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term"), unless terminated (i) in accordance with its terms or (ii)  upon thirty (30) days' written notice by either Party to the other Party.

This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without

giving effect to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.

pledge or transfer all or any part of Service Provider's payment rights under this Agreement (i) to any affiliate of Service Provider, (ii) to any party  that acquires Service Provider or all or substantially all of Service Provider's assets, or (iii) for security purposes in connection with any financing  and, provided further, that Service Provider shall remain fully liable for the performance of all of Service Provider's obligations under this  Agreement.

Service Provider shall not, without the prior written consent of Owner, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, assign,  pledge or transfer all or any part of, or any right or obligation under, this Agreement, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, and any such  assignment or transfer without such consent will be null and void; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, Service Provider may,  without the consent of Owner, assign,

Owner shall deliver  notice of any such assignment, pledge or transfer to Service Provider in writing as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.

Service Provider shall provide and maintain worker's compensation insurance as required by applicable law where the  Services are performed and employer's liability insurance with a limit of liability of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) for each accident and in the  aggregate.

Within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, Service Provider shall provide a certificate of insurance and  thereafter shall maintain the following insurance during the Term with insurance carriers reasonably acceptable to Owner:

(a) Commercial General Liability. Service Provider shall provide and maintain commercial general liability insurance with combined single policy  limits not less than Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) for bodily injury or property damage for each occurrence and in the aggregate, including broad  form contractual liability insurance, broad form property damage, personal injury, products and completed operations insurance.

(b) Automobile Liability. Service Provider shall provide and maintain business auto liability insurance covering owned, non-owned and hired  automobiles in the amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) combined

single policy limit for bodily injury and property damage for each accident.

Service Provider shall provide and maintain excess liability insurance covering employer's liability, commercial  general liability, and business automobile liability, in the amount of Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) combined single limit policy limit per  occurrence and in the aggregate for bodily injury and property damage.

All policies of insurance referred to in this Section 4.1 shall be endorsed: (i) to specify that they are primary to and not  excess to or on a contributing basis with any insurance or self-insurance maintained by Owner, Owner and User (and their respective Affiliates) or  any SubService Providers in respect of losses arising out of or in connection with the Services; (ii) to include Owner, Owner, User and, upon  User's request and if applicable, User's landlord, or a subsequent owner, tenant or subtenant of the Premises as additional insureds; and (iii)  contain a standard severability of interests clause.

MARKETING AFFILIATE AGREEMENT

National Credit Report.com, LLC

Marketing Affiliate

Equidata

Equidata, Inc.

1s t day of October 2008

1s t day of October 2008

This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same  terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.

This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same  terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.

This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia.

Further, Marketing  Affiliate shall not market similar products from competing companies on any Web Site Landing Page containing the Equidata or Marketing Affiliate Web link as long as this Agreement is in effect.

Marketing Affiliate shall not directly or indirectly solicit an existing business customer of  Equidata during the term and condition of this Agreement other than for joint marketing purposes.

Equidata may audit, at Equidata's expense, the Marketing Affiliate's marketing, practices and activities for the  purpose of assuring compliance with this Agreement.

Equidata reserves the right to site inspect Marketing Affiliate's  physical location of business at any time.

IN NO EVENT WILL  EQUIDATA BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES  INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS OR OTHER ECONOMIC LOSS, LOST REIMBURSEMENTS, AND  LOST DATA, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY.

IN NO EVENT WILL  EQUIDATA BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES  INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS OR OTHER ECONOMIC LOSS, LOST REIMBURSEMENTS, AND  LOST DATA, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY.

JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT

MOLIPHARMA S.R.L.

KIROMIC BIOPHARMA Inc.

each a Party and, together, the Parties.

2 April 2020

2 April 2020

This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.

This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.

This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.

This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.

All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules. Any such arbitration shall (i) be subject to the application of the Italian Law, (ii) take place in Paris, France and (iii) be conducted in English.

Kiromic is committed to sharing patents and know-how in relation to the following products which will be licensed to the JV exclusively for the application in the specific and limited field of sars-cov-2 threat and relative disease COVID-19: (i) VAPAs-Viral Antigen Proteins Associated  (Kiromic-2020) derived from Diamonds AI - Artificial Intelligence Platform for Discovery and Prediction Antigen Protein (ii) Platform of DC Vaccines (dendritic cell vaccine) - for therapeutic purposes - nominated BSK 01; (iii) Oral Delivery Platform for Prophylactic Vaccine - accompanying immuno-boosting therapy - therapeutic vaccine administration - nominated BSK02 (iv) Other patents eventually applicable in the specific field.

This JV Agreement cannot be assigned by a Party, also as a result of the transfer of a business as a going concern, of a merger, of a de-merger or of a spin-off, without the prior written consent of the other Party.

This JV Agreement cannot be assigned by a Party, also as a result of the transfer of a business as a going concern, of a merger, of a de-merger or of a spin-off, without the prior written consent of the other Party.

Kiromic will grant to Molipharma the follows royalties: - *% of the realized turnover by the marketing of Ovarian Cancer research results in Italy;

*% of the realized turnover by the marketing of Ovarian Cancer research results in Europe.

For the rest of the world, the economic rights will be divided as follows: *% Kiromic; *% Molipharma.

Kiromic assigns to Molipharma all the rights of publication of the research, unless they are considered confidential for patenting.

The Party which is not interested in the application shall undertake to transfer its own share of ownership to the other Party, free of charge once it has obtained the patent title.

In this case the Party concerned shall have the right to proceed with the submission of the application on the Results at its own expense and in co-ownership with the other Party, subject to written notice.

The Industrial Property Rights on the Results, as well as the Intellectual Property Rights realized in the research activities covered by this JV, are due jointly to the parties in equal shares (50% for each Party), without prejudice to the possibility of agreeing in writing, during the course of every specific activity, about the modification of the respective shares of co-ownership, based upon the actual contribution of each of the Parties to the research activities, and also without prejudice to the recognition of the intellectual rights due to each inventor pursuant to current legislation.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties shall grant each other, free of charge, a non-exclusive right to use their respective Backgrounds in connection with the activities which will be carried out by this JV and by reason of their execution.

"Background": All knowledge, information and intangible assets protected under national Law System and international intellectual and industrial property laws and regulations, created or otherwise obtained by a Party prior to the begin of the activity covered by this Agreement.

Upon termination of the contract, the agreement set forth in clause 5 ("Intellectual property rights and prohibition of transfer to third parties") and clause 6 ("Economic rights") will remain into force.

The Parties shall provide civil liability insurance cover to their own personnel with respect to accidents and damages charged to them.

CONTENT LICENSE, MARKETING AND SALES AGREEMENT

EFS

Playboy.com, Inc.

eFashion Solutions, LLC

"Client," which shall include  affiliates controlling, controlled by or under common control with Playboy.com, Inc.

January 15, 2008

January 15, 2008

This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under  this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February  28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").

This Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional period of three (3) years (such renewal  and each subsequent renewal shall be defined as a "Renewal Term") provided that EFS achieves Net Merchandise Sales of at  least ***** during the fourth year following launch of the first Website.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws  of the Illinois without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.

The parties agree that Client will not be  charged a higher fee than what is being made available by EFS to its other Clients for similar services.

Upon written request of Client, EFS shall discontinue or modify  any Advertisement that in the reasonable opinion of Client is not appropriate for the Client brand or is competitive with Client  business.

Subject to Client's prior written approval in each case, EFS shall have the right to work  with Client's manufacturers for the production of Merchandise that will be designed and offered for sale exclusively via the  Playboy Commerce Business.

EFS and its affiliates conduct their activities, both relating to the Playboy Commerce Business and otherwise, in a way that does  not jeopardize the Playboy Marks or the reputation and image of any Playboy entity or activity.

If EFS desires to use  any other domain names or Internet locators/designators in connection with the Websites, Micro Sites or otherwise utilizing  PLAYBOY- or PLAYBOY-related marks, EFS shall so notify Client, which may at its sole discretion, choose to register the  same at its expense.

EFS agrees that it shall approach Licensees regarding any planned  EFS Produced Merchandise and give such Licensees a seven (7) day right of first refusal with respect to the design and  manufacture thereof, whereby EFS may set forth commercially reasonable requirements with respect to pricing, delivery and  product specifications.

In addition, EFS may not assign this Agreement without Client's consent to a competitor  of Client or any of Client's businesses.

Any purported transaction not specifically permitted under this Section 14.3 shall be null and void ab initio.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and all  rights and duties hereunder shall not, without the prior written consent of Client, in any manner be assigned, mortgaged, licensed,  or otherwise transferred or encumbered by EFS or by operation of law; provided, however, that EFS may assign this Agreement  to an acquirer of all or substantially all of its assets without Client's consent, but only in the event that in Client's reasonable  determination (a) key EFS management (as defined by Client at the time of acquisition) will remain indefinitely with EFS or  replacement management is reasonably acceptable to Client and no less experienced than those in place as of the Effective Date  hereof; (b) the acquirer can demonstrate to Client's reasonable satisfaction the availability of financial resources, and the ability  and intention, to

adequately invest in growing the Playboy Commerce Business (by way of example, the acquirer shall have a minimum net worth  equal to or above that of EFS as of the Effective Date hereof); (c) such assignment will not have a detrimental impact on the  Playboy Commerce Business or Client's other businesses; and (d) the acquirer is otherwise able to honor all financial terms and  assume all obligations of EFS hereunder.

Client shall be entitled to receive an advertising fee of ***** of the Net Advertising Revenue  derived by EFS from Advertisements pursuant to Section 4.4 ("Advertising Fee").

EFS shall pay a royalty ("Royalty") to Client to be calculated and paid as follows: (a) the Royalty shall be  determined based upon the percentage applicable to the Merchandise Gross Margin (pursuant to the chart in Exhibit 10, attached  hereto and hereby incorporated by reference); (b) multiplied by the Net Merchandise Sales (as defined below) as applicable in  each case for the applicable Calendar Quarter or Year (each as defined below).

In addition, Client shall be entitled to receive a royalty payment on the shipping and  handling charges paid by customers during the applicable Calendar Quarter ("Shipping Royalty") equal to the Royalty percentage  multiplied by the shipping profit.

Pursuant to Section 3.6, EFS shall pay a quarterly Royalty to Client calculated as set forth in Section 6.1  using separate Royalty percentages on a country-by-country basis based on product margins for each such country, as agreed  upon by the parties.

In the event EFS does not meet the full amount of the Minimum Royalty during the applicable  Year in which such Minimum Royalty was owed to Client, EFS will not be permitted to offset the shortfall with any overages from  any previous or subsequent Year, and a new Minimum Royalty will be due as set forth in this Section 6.2.

In the event that the Minimum Royalty is met in any applicable Year, (i) EFS shall not be permitted to carry  over any overages into the next Year and (ii) EFS will not be eligible for any refund from any Minimum Royalty or Royalty  previously owed or paid to Client.

In the event the Minimum Royalty is not achieved in any Year based on  the Royalty payments made in such Year, EFS shall pay the shortfall between the Royalty earned and the applicable Minimum  Royalty due, if any, within sixty (60) days of the end of such Year.

Accordingly, EFS agrees it will spend annually a minimum of ***** of Net  Website Sales (as defined below) on online marketing ("Online Marketing Budget").

EFS shall have the right to decrease the Catalog budget  below the ***** minimum only if EFS can demonstrate that online marketing activities yield a higher return-on-investment and  provided all such reduced dollars are then reinvested in online marketing spend over and above the minimum online marketing  commitment described in Section 4.2, below.

In such event, the annual Minimum Royalty during the  Renewal Term, if any, shall be equal to the greater of: (a) ***** of the actual Royalty paid to Client in Year 5; and (b) *****.

Notwithstanding revenue actually generated by EFS in connection with the Playboy Commerce  Business hereunder, it is understood and agreed that the Royalty paid to Client in each Year of the Term shall not be less than the  amounts set forth in Exhibit 10 (the "Minimum Royalty").

For the avoidance of  doubt, the Minimum Royalty is a minimum net sum from which no taxes or charges of any sort may be deducted.

EFS will commit to an annual Catalog budget equal to or greater than *****, which represents  ***** of the actual amount spent by Client on the Catalogs for 2007.

In the event that this Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the Initial Term, any portion of the Year 1  Minimum Royalty that has been spread across Years 2 through 5 of the Term pursuant to Exhibit 10 and which has not yet been  paid to Client, shall immediately become due and owing.

At Client's cost for materials (but excluding costs for labor or other EFS  charges), EFS agrees to include up to two (2) inserts per month in each of the Catalogs and up to two (2) onserts per month in all  outgoing Merchandise packaging, promoting Client products and services and/or those of Client's affiliates, Licensees or  sponsors.

Client shall own all content produced pursuant to Section 1.1(f) (whether or not actually used), and  EFS hereby assigns to Client all right, title and interest, including all rights in copyright, in and to the photographs and materials,  and agrees to cooperate with all reasonable requests by Client, and take all reasonable actions, to effect or perfect such  assignment.

To the extent that EFS is deemed to obtain any interest or ownership  rights in the Client Property, EFS hereby assigns, transfers and conveys to Client, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable  Law, all of EFS' right, title and interest therein used or created by EFS under or in connection with this Agreement so that Client  will be the sole owner of all rights therein and further agrees to cooperate with Client during and after the Term to effect and  perfect all assignments.

To the  extent that Client is deemed to obtain any interest or ownership rights in the EFS Property, Client hereby assigns, transfers and  conveys to EFS, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law, all of Client's right, title and interest therein used by Client  under or in connection with this Agreement so that EFS will be the sole owner of all rights therein and further agrees to cooperate  with EFS during and after the Term to effect and perfect all assignments.

EFS hereby irrevocably assigns, and Client hereby accepts, all right,  title and interest in and to each and every Authorized Modification, and EFS agrees to cooperate with all reasonable requests by  Client to effect or perfect such assignment.

In the event that EFS creates any modifications, alterations or other derivative works of any Playboy Content  ("Derivative Works"), EFS hereby irrevocably assigns to Client all right, title and interest in and to all of those Derivative Works,  including the copyrights and other proprietary rights therein.

Client and EFS shall jointly own and have rights to all User Data  collected hereunder provided, however, that EFS shall only use the User Data in strict accordance with the Privacy Policy and,  subject to the remainder of this Section 5, solely in connection with the Playboy Commerce Business.

During the Term and subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations set forth in this Agreement,  Client grants EFS a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable (without any right to sublicense), world-wide license  to use, modify, create derivative works of, publish, reproduce, broadcast, exhibit and display the Playboy Content solely in  connection with the design, publication, distribution, operation and promotion of the Playboy Commerce Business.

During the Term and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations of this Agreement, Client  hereby grants EFS, a limited, non-transferable, non-assignable (without any right to sublicense) world-wide license to use the  Internet location or resource designators (URLs, domain names, etc.) set forth in Part B of Exhibit 1 hereto, and/or to the extent  approved in advance in writing by Client, as the case may be, modifications thereof (the "Licensed Domain Names"), as the  domain name(s) and Internet locators/designators for the Websites during the Term.

Business.

All such photographs shall be deemed  Playboy Content for purposes of this Agreement, for which EFS shall have a license to use during the Term solely in connection  with the Playboy Commerce Business and as is necessary to promote the Websites.

All Derivative Works are  hereby licensed back to EFS subject to the limitations that are applicable hereunder to the Playboy Content.

Client hereby grants  to EFS a limited and perpetual right and license to use such photographs and materials for research and forecasting purposes,  including, but not limited to, combining the same with reports and analytics concerning the performance of the Websites, providing  information to strategic partners to better define consumer purchasing habits, and for trend forecasting and planning purposes.

Client holds certain customer data relating to the Playboy Commerce Business ("Existing  Customer Data") and hereby grants to EFS a non-exclusive, limited, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable license to  store and use such Existing Customer Data solely for purposes of the operation and promotion of the Playboy Commerce

During the Term and subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations set forth in this Agreement,  Client grants EFS a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable (without any right to sublicense), world-wide license  to use the Client trademarks and/or service marks as set forth on Part A of Exhibit 1 (the "Playboy Marks") solely in connection  with the design, publication, distribution, operation and promotion of the Playboy Commerce Business.

During the Term and subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations set forth in this Agreement,  Client grants EFS a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable (without any right to sublicense), world-wide license  to use, modify, create derivative works of, publish, reproduce, broadcast, exhibit and display the Playboy Content solely in  connection with the design, publication, distribution, operation and promotion of the Playboy Commerce Business.

During the Term and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations of this Agreement, Client  hereby grants EFS, a limited, non-transferable, non-assignable (without any right to sublicense) world-wide license to use the  Internet location or resource designators (URLs, domain names, etc.) set forth in Part B of Exhibit 1 hereto, and/or to the extent  approved in advance in writing by Client, as the case may be, modifications thereof (the "Licensed Domain Names"), as the  domain name(s) and Internet locators/designators for the Websites during the Term.

Business.

Client holds certain customer data relating to the Playboy Commerce Business ("Existing  Customer Data") and hereby grants to EFS a non-exclusive, limited, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable license to  store and use such Existing Customer Data solely for purposes of the operation and promotion of the Playboy Commerce

During the Term and subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations set forth in this Agreement,  Client grants EFS a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable (without any right to sublicense), world-wide license  to use the Client trademarks and/or service marks as set forth on Part A of Exhibit 1 (the "Playboy Marks") solely in connection  with the design, publication, distribution, operation and promotion of the Playboy Commerce Business.

Client hereby grants  to EFS a limited and perpetual right and license to use such photographs and materials for research and forecasting purposes,  including, but not limited to, combining the same with reports and analytics concerning the performance of the Websites, providing  information to strategic partners to better define consumer purchasing habits, and for trend forecasting and planning purposes.

As of the Termination Date, EFS shall not process any new orders placed through the  Playboy Commerce Business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, EFS may fulfill any outstanding orders placed through the Playboy  Commerce Business prior to the Termination Date and may continue collection activities related thereto, which shall be subject to  Section 6 hereof.

(g) If so requested by Client in connection with a planned or potential continuation of the business, EFS shall  cooperate with Client and its affiliates in order to transfer any remaining operations to them or any other entity that Client may so  designate without interruption of the Playboy Commerce Business' availability.

Upon and after the termination of this Agreement (the "Termination Date"):

(b) A copy of EFS' Independent Auditors' Report and audited balance sheet for each Year of the Term within  thirty (30) days of the close of such audit.

Client and its nominees, employees, agents and representatives shall have the right to enter  upon and inspect, at all reasonable hours of the day, any and all such location(s) and to take, without payment, individual  samples of any of the EFS Produced Merchandise and the Materials as Client reasonably requires for the purposes of such  inspection.

During the Term of this Agreement and for two (2) years  thereafter, (a) EFS shall maintain complete and accurate books and records relating to revenue generated under this Agreement;  and (b) Client and/or its authorized representative(s) shall have the right to examine, review, copy and audit EFS' books and  records relating to revenue generated under this Agreement to verify the accuracy of the payments and associated information  provided by EFS and to verify EFS' compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

EFS shall provide, at its sole expense:

EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A BREACH OF SECTION 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY) OR  LIABILITY ARISING UNDER A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 12, IN NO  EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR  ANY MATTER RELATED HERETO, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST BUSINESS OR LOST PROFITS,  EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A BREACH OF SECTION 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY) OR  LIABILITY ARISING UNDER A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 12, IN NO  EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR  ANY MATTER RELATED HERETO, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST BUSINESS OR LOST PROFITS,  EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

of no less than A-.

All insurance required above shall be carried with insurance companies licensed to do business in the  state(s) where operations are maintained with a rating

EFS agrees that these policies shall not be canceled or materially changed without at least thirty (30) days'  prior written notice to Client.

Such notice shall include written confirmation and details of replacement insurance coverages and  other material revisions to the policies, which shall be effective immediately upon any cancellation or material change in EFS'  policies in order that no gap in coverage results.

EFS shall deliver to Client, upon execution of the Agreement, certificates of insurance as evidence of the  required coverages.

EFS shall maintain at all times during the Term of this Agreement insurance as provided below and  shall name Client, its parent company, subsidiaries and affiliated entities and their respective officers, directors, shareholders,  agents and employees as additional insureds to the extent of indemnity provided herein under its liability policies as follows:     (i) Commercial general liability insurance including premises/operations, broad form property damage,  independent contractors, and contractual liability covering EFS' obligations hereunder for bodily injury and property damage, with  a combined single limit of not less than $1,000,000 each occurrence and $6,000,000 umbrella coverage;     (ii) Workers' compensation insurance in statutory amounts covering EFS and its employees; and     (iii) Errors and omissions insurance, and employer's liability insurance in an amount not less than  $1,000,000 per accident/disease.

CHARTER AFFILIATE AFFILIATION AGREEMENT

Network

The TUBE Music Network, Inc.

Affiliate

Tribune Broadcasting Company

6t h day of March, 2006

6t h day of March, 2006

The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.

If Affiliate fails to notify Network of its desire that this Agreement terminate on its expiration date, at least six (6) months before the expiration date, this Agreement will automatically renew, upon the same terms and conditions, for an additional four (4) -year period ("Renewal Term").

If the Term is renewed as described in Section 2(b), Network and Affiliate will negotiate exclusively and in good faith concerning further renewal of this Agreement upon mutually-agreed terms and conditions; provided, that unless Network and Affiliate otherwise agree in writing, the exclusive negotiation period will end six (6) months before the expiration of the Term.

If Affiliate fails to notify Network of its desire that this Agreement terminate on its expiration date, at least six (6) months before the expiration date, this Agreement will automatically renew, upon the same terms and conditions, for an additional four (4) -year period ("Renewal Term").

The obligations of Affiliate and Network under this Agreement are subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, and this Agreement and all matters or issues collateral thereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts to be entirely performed therein.

Affiliate agrees not to sell commercial time to or for the benefit of direct competitors of the Service (e.g., music video networks carried by MVPDs such as MTV, VH1 and Fuse)

If condition (A) or (B) applies, the Acquired Station shall have no obligations hereunder, and Network shall have the right to license the transmission of the Service to another Broadcast Television station in such DMA, including on an exclusive basis.

Network hereby grants to Affiliate the exclusive right via Broadcast Television, and Affiliate hereby accepts such exclusive right and the obligation during the Term to broadcast the Service via Broadcast Television (i) over the transmission facilities of each Station identified on Exhibit A, which is licensed by the FCC to serve the community for each such Station (the "Licensed Community"), for receipt by TV Households in the DMA in which the Licensed Community is located, as such DMA is identified on Exhibit A, and (ii) over the transmission facilities of any Acquired Station, except to the extent that, as of the date Affiliate notifies Network in writing of its binding agreement to acquire such Acquired Station, (A) another Broadcast Television station in the same DMA as the Acquired Station has exclusive rights to broadcast the Service, or (B) the Acquired Station is obligated to broadcast other material that precludes it from also carrying the Service

If the Term is renewed as described in Section 2(b), Network and Affiliate will negotiate exclusively and in good faith concerning further renewal of this Agreement upon mutually-agreed terms and conditions; provided, that unless Network and Affiliate otherwise agree in writing, the exclusive negotiation period will end six (6) months before the expiration of the Term.

Network retains the right at all times during the Term to discontinue its distribution of the Service in its entirety and to terminate this Agreement and all other affiliates' agreements on at least ninety (90) days' prior notice without any liability therefor to Affiliate, other than amounts payable hereunder which accrued prior to such termination, including amounts payable pursuant to Section 6(b) and Exhibit D.

In the event Network decides to offer any new television programming channels (the "New Channels"), then Affiliate shall have ninety (90) calendar days from Affiliate's receipt of Network's comprehensive business plan for such New Channels to determine whether Affiliate desires to enter into an agreement with respect to the New Channels.

If, during said ninety (90)-day period, Affiliate notifies Network in writing of its desire to add the New Channels to this Agreement, then both parties shall work diligently together and in good faith to enter into an agreement within ninety (90) days of such notice to include the terms and conditions pursuant to which the New Channels may be distributed by Affiliate.

At the expiration of the ninety (90)-day period, Affiliate's right of first refusal shall expire.

If, having used good faith diligent efforts, Affiliate and Network have failed to enter into such an agreement within such ninety (90)-day period, then neither party shall have an obligation to continue such negotiations or enter into an agreement with respect to the New Channels.

This Agreement shall be binding on the respective transferees and successors of the parties hereto, except that neither this Agreement nor either party's rights or obligations hereunder shall be assigned or transferred by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.

For purposes hereof, the "Affiliate Advertising Share" shall be determined by multiplying fifteen percent (15%) of Network's Advertising Revenue for such calendar quarter by a fraction, the numerator of which is the total number of Digital Cable Subscriber Households in the DMA(s) of the Station(s) transmitting the Service pursuant to this Agreement, and the denominator of which is the total number of Digital Cable Subscriber Households in all of the DMAs in which Network has a broadcast television station affiliate that is transmitting the Service.

For purposes hereof, the "Affiliate Transactional Share" means fifteen percent (15%) of Network's Transactional Revenue for the pertinent calendar quarter.

Commencing with the calendar quarter beginning on April 1, 2006 and for each calendar quarter thereafter during the Term, Network shall pay to Affiliate the Affiliate Transactional Share.

Except for the Local Advertising and advertising broadcast in Local Programming, Network shall have the exclusive right and authority to sell all of the advertising on the Service and shall share a portion of Network's Advertising Revenue generated from such sales with Affiliate in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

In consideration of the terms and conditions set forth herein, Network shall pay Affiliate (i) the Affiliate Advertising Share, and (ii) the Affiliate Transactional Share, each as provided in Exhibit D.

Commencing with the calendar quarter beginning on April 1, 2006 and for each calendar quarter thereafter during the Term, Network shall pay to Affiliate the Affiliate Advertising Share.

Affiliate shall actively promote the Service consistent with its business judgment, including the broadcast by each Station transmitting the Service of an average of at least ten (10) thirty (30)-second promotional announcements per week for the Service ("Promotional Spots") on the Station's Primary Feed, including the Station's analog signal for so long as the Station broadcasts an analog signal, on a run-of- station basis, commencing no later than the first air date of the Service on the applicable Station.

Each Station will provide Network with up to 5.0 mbps, but, at all times, not less than 2.0 mbps, for this purpose, except as required in infrequent and exceptional circumstances resulting from a Station's carriage of the primary television network with which such Station is affiliated with regard to its Primary Feed (e.g., ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox)

Each Station will provide Network with up to 5.0 mbps,

Network's failure, for reasons other than force majeure, to deliver a signal meeting the requirements of this Section 5(a) for more than twelve (12) hours in any consecutive thirty (30) day period without the written consent of Affiliate shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement, not subject to the cure provisions of Section 10(d); provided, however that Affiliate shall provide Network with notice of each event in which Network fails to deliver a signal meeting the requirements of this Section 5(a) as soon as reasonably practicable.

Each Station will provide Network with up to 5.0 mbps, but, at all times, not less than 2.0 mbps, for this purpose, except as required in infrequent and exceptional circumstances resulting from a Station's carriage of the primary television network with which such Station is affiliated with regard to its Primary Feed (e.g., ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox).

In the event Affiliate owns more than one Station in any DMA (a "Duopoly Market"), then Affiliate, at its option, shall have the right to determine which of its Stations in such DMA shall broadcast the Service; it being understood that Affiliate shall have no obligation to broadcast the Service over more than one of its Stations in any particular DMA.

for this purpose, except as required in infrequent and exceptional circumstances resulting from a Station's carriage of the primary television network with which such Station is affiliated with regard to its Primary Feed (e.g., ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox).

The signal of the Service, including any program-related data and enhancements, shall be contained in no more than a 5.0 megabits-per-second ("mbps") stream of data and shall consist of a resolution of no less than 480 x 720i.

Network hereby grants Affiliate during the Term a royalty-free, fully paid up, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to use the Marks (as defined in Section 8(e)) in any advertising and promotional materials undertaken in connection with Affiliate's transmission of the Service, provided that such use complies with the terms and conditions of Section 8(e).

Network hereby grants to Affiliate the exclusive right via Broadcast Television, and Affiliate hereby accepts such exclusive right and the obligation during the Term to broadcast the Service via Broadcast Television (i) over the transmission facilities of each Station identified on Exhibit A, which is licensed by the FCC to serve the community for each such Station (the "Licensed Community"), for receipt by TV Households in the DMA in which the Licensed Community is located, as such DMA is identified on Exhibit A, and (ii) over the transmission facilities of any Acquired Station, except to the extent that, as of the date Affiliate notifies Network in writing of its binding agreement to acquire such Acquired Station, (A) another Broadcast Television station in the same DMA as the Acquired Station has exclusive rights to broadcast the Service, or (B) the Acquired Station is obligated to broadcast other material that precludes it from also carrying the Service.

Except as expressly provided in Sections 3(a) and 3(b) and this Section 3(d), Network shall not have the right to distribute or otherwise license the Service for reception in a Station's DMA, including distributing the Service directly through an MVPD in a Station's DMA, other than through this license to Affiliate.

Network hereby grants Affiliate during the Term a royalty-free, fully paid up, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to use the Marks (as defined in Section 8(e)) in any advertising and promotional materials undertaken in connection with Affiliate's transmission of the Service, provided that such use complies with the terms and conditions of Section 8(e).

Except as expressly provided in Section 3(a), Affiliate shall not have the right (i) to subdistribute or otherwise sublicense the Service, or (ii) to transmit or otherwise distribute the Service by any technology (other than Broadcast Television), or on an interactive, time- delayed, "video-on-demand" or similar basis.

Network hereby grants to Affiliate the exclusive right via Broadcast Television, and Affiliate hereby accepts such exclusive right and the obligation during the Term to broadcast the Service via Broadcast Television (i) over the transmission facilities of each Station identified on Exhibit A, which is licensed by the FCC to serve the community for each such Station (the "Licensed Community"), for receipt by TV Households in the DMA in which the Licensed Community is located, as such DMA is identified on Exhibit A, and (ii) over the transmission facilities of any Acquired Station, except to the extent that, as of the date Affiliate notifies Network in writing of its binding agreement to acquire such Acquired Station, (A) another Broadcast Television station in the same DMA as the Acquired Station has exclusive rights to broadcast the Service, or (B) the Acquired Station is obligated to broadcast other material that precludes it from also carrying the Service.

In the event that Network terminates this Agreement as to a particular Station or several Stations, or in its entirety pursuant to Sections 10(a) or (c), Affiliate shall, within thirty (30) days of termination, at its option either reimburse Network for the cost of all equipment or return such equipment related to such Station(s) that was paid for by Network pursuant to Section 5(b) herein.

Upon not less than thirty (30) days' prior written notice and not more than once in any calendar year, Affiliate shall have the right, at its sole cost and expense, during the Term and for one (1) year thereafter, to examine during normal business hours the books and records of Network for up to the prior calendar year and the then-current calendar year solely to the extent reasonably necessary to verify the Revenue Share Records.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS OF REVENUES, OR DAMAGES TO OR LOSS OF PERSONAL PROPERTY) IN ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH A DEFAULT UNDER OR A BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT.

Affiliate shall be named as an additional insured on the policies, and, prior to the Affiliate Launch Date, shall receive certificates evidencing such insurance, providing that such coverage will not be cancelled or materially changed except upon 30 days' prior written notice to Affiliate.

Additionally, Network will procure on or before the Affiliate Launch Date, and shall maintain during the Term, at its sole expense, Errors and Omissions insurance that covers Network's media activities at a liability limit of $1,000,000 in any one (1) policy period.

Network has procured, and shall maintain during the Term, at its sole expense, Commercial General Liability insurance at liability limits of not less than $1,000,000 each occurrence and $2,000,000 in the aggregate

Provided they do not infringe the marks of Affiliate or an affiliate of Affiliate, Affiliate shall not directly or indirectly question, attack, contest or in any other manner impugn the validity of the Marks or Network's rights in and to the Marks and shall reasonably cooperate with Network's quality control, monitoring and inspection of the use of the Marks.

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

Bruce Jenner

The Right Solution

the COMPANY

CELEBRITY

1st day of                                                                --- November, 2003

The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to      speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the      Company products.

This Agreement was negotiated and is being contracted

for in Nevada, and shall be governed by the laws of the State of           Nevada, and the United States of America, notwithstanding any           conflict-of-law provision to the contrary.

The COMPANY and CELEBRITY may terminate this Agreement under the following      conditions:

(ii) If the COMPANY ceases business or, other than in an Initial                Merger, sells a controlling interest to a third party, or agrees                to a consolidation or merger of itself with or into another                corporation, or enters into such a transaction outside

               of the scope of this Agreement, or sells substantially all of its                assets to another corporation, entity or individual outside of                the scope of this Agreement;

(B)  By CELEBRITY

be assignable by either party without the prior written consent of the           other or as stated herein.

Neither this Agreement nor any right created by it shall

CELEBRITY will be available for conference calls not to exceed five           per month and at the discretion of his schedule.

The CELEBRITY will be limited to six speaking engagements for the year and      five conference calls per month at the company's discretion.

DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Snotarator LLC

"Company

SMSA Ballinger Acquisition Corp.

Distributor

1st day of August, 2013

1st day of August, 2013

The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.

The term of this Agreement may be extended for an additional two year period with the written consent of both parties.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas.

Distributor agrees not to represent or sell other products which are deemed to be competitive with the Company's Products unless agreed to by the Company by written notice.

The Company hereby appoints and grants Distributor the exclusive right to sell the products of the Company, including the Snotarator Nasal Aspirator,  ("Products") listed in the current "Price List" (Exhibit "A" attached hereto).

This Agreement may be terminated only:

By the Company if: there is an unacceptable change in the control or management of the Distributor;

Distributor shall not assign the rights granted in this Section 1.01 without the prior written consent of the Company.

Distributor shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company.

*Minimum order of 1,000 Units

IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND DISTRIBUTOR'S REMEDIES SHALL BE LIMITED TO REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF NONCONFORMING UNITS OR PARTS.

Nor shall the Company at any time be liable for any incidental, special or consequential damages.

Company further warrants all Products to be free from defects in material or workmanship under normal use and service for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of delivery. Any defects must be replaced by the Company within sixty (60) days within this scope of the warranty and all charges for labor and material, will be borne by Company

Distributor shall not take any actions, or aid or assist any other party to take any actions that would infringe upon, harm or contest the proprietary rights of Company in and to the Brand and Products.

DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

LEO PHARMA A/S

LEO

GALEN

GALEN (CHEMICALS) LIMITED

April ____, 2003

This Agreement will be effective when signed by both Parties provided          that the Co-promotion Agreement and the Option Agreement have been          signed and have come into force and provided also that said agreements          do not prohibit GALEN from entering into the Dovonex(R) Agreement and          the Dovobet(R) Agreement.

April ____, 2003

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL





OBLIGATIONS LAW.

This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of successors of the Parties hereto, or to any assignee of all of the goodwill and entire business assets of a Party hereto relating to pharmaceuticals, but shall not otherwise be assignable without the prior written consent of the other Party.

(c)      if GALEN is then the owner of any patents specifically related                   to the Combination Product, GALEN shall transfer such                   ownership to LEO, except for LEO being in breach in which case                   GALEN will sell said patents and LEO will purchase said                   patents at a price equal to the expenses GALEN has borne in                   relation to developing, establishing and maintaining said                   patent rights;

         (d)      if GALEN is then the owner of any patents, which in part                   relates to the Combination Product then LEO, its Affiliates                   and partners shall have a royalty free license to such patents                   for the term of the patents;

         (e)      if GALEN is then the owner of any data related to the                   Combination Product, including, but not limited to, any data                   related to any study performed under this Agreement such data                   shall be transferred to LEO. At such time, LEO shall have the                   right, but not the obligation, to have assigned to LEO any                   third party clinical agreement then pending;

         (f)      GALEN shall transfer the NDA, the IND and any other relevant                   registrations related to the Combination Product held by                   GALEN, if any, to LEO or its designee.

In the event of termination of this Agreement under the provisions of          this Article VII GALEN shall not be relieved of the duty and          obligations to pay in full, any payments due and unpaid at the          effective date of such termination. In such event GALEN shall:

Neither Party shall be liable to the Other Party for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive or exemplary damages arising out of or relating to the

                                                                               9

suspension or termination of any of its obligations or duties under this Agreement by reason of the occurrence of Force Majeure. In the event that Force Majeure has occurred and is continuing for a period of at least six (6) months, the Other Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days' notice.

JOINT SUPPLY AND MARKETING AGREEMENT

Vertex

Vertex Energy Operating, LLC

Bunker One (USA) Inc.

Bunker One

10t h day of January, 2020

"Effective Date" means the date as of which the last signature of a Party is affixed hereto.

May 1, 2020

The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.

The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.

This JSMA will be terminated as of the end of the Term or any Renewal Term, by either Party giving written notice of non-renewal to the other Party no less than 120 prior to the applicable expiry date (the "Termination Period").

This Agreement shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Alabama, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.

During the Term, neither Vertex nor any affiliate of Vertex may sell any Product to any customers for their use as bunker fuel other than pursuant to the terms of this JSMA.

It is agreed that only Bunker One will be marketing this JSMA and the JSMA Output towards various customers, but if a Party receives a Nomination (being a written or oral request by/from a customer to a Party stating delivery place, delivery date and window etc.) or any other communication from a customer regarding the supply of Product (either spot or whole cargo) in the Area, the Party is obliged to forward the Nomination to Bunker One and refer the customer to Bunker One.

All sales towards customers for bunker fuel will be carried out exclusively by Bunker One in accordance to the terms set forth herein. As such all communication with customers shall go via Bunker One unless otherwise is specific written agreed in advance.

All sales towards customers for bunker fuel will be carried out exclusively by Bunker One in accordance to the terms set forth herein.

A Party may terminate the JSMA immediately upon the delivery of written notice to the other Party if there has been a Change in Control.

Neither Party shall assign or transfer any rights or obligations hereunder without the express prior written consent of the other Party, which may not be unreasonably withheld.

of such amount to Bunker One.

The JSMA will generate either a profit or a loss which shall be distributed between the Parties as set out forth further below in this clause.

If any such quarterly detailed ledger statement, or the final detailed ledger statement issued by Bunker One, shows positive Remaining Exposure for the pe- riod covered by the statement, then Bunker One shall pay [****] percent ([****]%) of such amount to Vertex.

If any such quarterly detailed ledger statement shows negative Remaining Exposure for the period covered by the statement, then Vertex shall pay [****] percent ([****]%)

If the Remaining Exposure shown on such final detailed ledger Statement is greater than zero then Bunker One shall pay [****] percent ([****]%) of such amount to Vertex.

If the Remaining Exposure shown on such final detailed ledger Statement is less than zero then Vertex shall pay [****] percent ([****]%) of such amount to Bunker One

In the event of a termination in accordance to clause 5.2 it is agreed that both parties agree to unwind and minimize costs and exit the JSMA as soon as practicably possible not exceeding 120 days.

Vertex has the right, at its sole expense and during normal working hours, to have a third party accountant examine the records of Bunker One.

MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

Netzee

THE BANKERS BANK

Bankers Bank

NETZEE, INC.

COMMENCEMENT DATE FOR MAINTENANCE UNDER THIS ADDENDUM:  MARCH 1, 2001

The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.

Following the completion of such maintenance term, Bankers Bank may, at its option, renew maintenance for subsequent periods of one (1) year each, subject to adjustments proposed by Netzee not to exceed 5% at least sixty (60) days in advance of the applicable renewal date.

Following the completion of such maintenance term, Bankers Bank may, at its option, renew maintenance for subsequent periods of one (1) year each, subject to adjustments proposed by Netzee not to exceed 5% at least sixty (60) days in advance of the applicable renewal date.

LICENSE AND HOSTING AGREEMENT

LMG

Legacy Marketing Group, Inc.

Transaction Applications Group, Inc.

TAG

17t h day of October, 2007

17t h day of October, 2007

This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.

RATHER THESE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS, OTHER THAN CHOICE OF LAW RULES, OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA.

This Agreement shall be binding on the parties and their respective successors in interest and assigns, but neither party shall have the power to assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party. LMG may not subcontract or delegate any of its duties or obligations of performance in this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of TAG.

The License grant includes a license under all current and future patents owned by or licensed to LMG that are applicable to the LMG Tools and Documentation or the provision or receipt of the LMG Services, to the extent necessary to exercise any of the foregoing rights.

LMG grants TAG a worldwide, nonexclusive, irrevocable, perpetual license to load, execute, access, employ, use, store, or display ("Use") the object code version of the LMG Tools and Documentation (the "License") for the period specified in Exhibit A in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

LMG grants TAG a worldwide, nonexclusive, irrevocable, perpetual license to load, execute, access, employ, use, store, or display ("Use") the object code version of the LMG Tools and Documentation (the "License") for the period specified in Exhibit A in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

LMG will maintain, through the Conversion Date or such other date as is specified in Exhibit A, its existing licenses for the Other Third Party Software and provide TAG access to and an irrevocable "look access only" right and license to use the Other Third Party Software and applicable Documentation.

Commencing upon a notice of termination under Section 6.2 or 6.3 (including notice based upon default by TAG) and continuing for a period, designated by TAG, of up to twelve (12) months thereafter, LMG shall provide to TAG the reasonable termination assistance requested by TAG to allow the LMG Services to continue without interruption or adverse effect and to facilitate the orderly transfer of the LMG Services to TAG or its designee ("Termination Assistance").

Neither party shall be liable to the other pursuant to this Agreement for any amounts representing loss of profit, loss of business or indirect, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages of the other party.  The foregoing shall not limit the indemnification, defense and hold harmless obligations set forth in this Agreement other than those set forth in Section 5.4 and shall not apply with respect to damages or losses arising from the wrongful termination of this Agreement by LMG, willful misconduct, gross negligence or breach of LMG's obligations under Section 3. 8.

Neither party shall be liable to the other pursuant to this Agreement for any amounts representing loss of profit, loss of business or indirect, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages of the other party.

TAG's indemnification obligations under this Section 5.3 will expire twelve (12) months after the Conversion Date.

LMG's indemnification obligations under this Section 5.2 will expire twelve (12) months after the Conversion Date.

TAG shall be named as loss payee as its interest may appear on the property insurance policies of LMG. LMG shall be responsible for payment of any and all deductibles from insured claims under its policies of insurance.

During the Term of the Agreement, LMG shall maintain and keep in force, at its own expense, the following minimum insurance coverages and minimum limits:

workers' compensation insurance, with statutory limits as required by the various laws and regulations applicable to the employees of LMG;

employer's liability insurance, for employee bodily injuries and deaths, with a limit of $500,000 each accident;

commercial general liability insurance, covering claims for bodily injury, death and property damage, including premises and operations, LMG's vicarious liability for acts of independent contractors, products, services and completed operations (as applicable to the Services), personal injury, contractual, and broad-form property damage liability coverages, with combined single limit of $1,000,000 per occurrence, and a general aggregate limit of $2,000,000, for bodily injury, death and property damage;

commercial automobile liability insurance, covering owned, non-owned and hired vehicles, with combined single limit of $1,000,000 per occurrence;

umbrella liability insurance, with a minimum limit of $5,000,000 per occurrence and $5,000,000 in the aggregate;

special form property insurance, on a replacement cost basis, covering the real and personal property of LMG which LMG is obligated to insure by the Agreement; such real and personal property may include equipment, furniture, fixtures and supply inventory; and

employee dishonesty insurance covering dishonest acts of employees; such insurance shall include a Joint Loss Endorsement in favor of TAG and be written for limits not less than $500,000.

All required policies of insurance will be placed with insurers with no less than an A.M. Best rating of A- VII.

CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

a/k/a New China Media Limited

YGP, LLC,

TWK Holdings, LLC

YGP

(COMPANY and CONTENT PROVIDER are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the "Parties").

Digicorp, Inc.

COMPANY

(NCM, YGP and TWK shall be individually and collectively referred to as "CONTENT PROVIDER")

New China Media LLC

TWK

NCM

2nd day of June, 2008

2nd day of June, 2008

This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.

This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional extended terms each of two (2) years duration unless either party notifies the other in writing of its intention not to renew the Agreement, such notification to be provided at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then in-effect term.

This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional extended terms each of two (2) years duration unless either party notifies the other in writing of its intention not to renew the Agreement, such notification to be provided at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then in-effect term.

This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of California applicable to contracts made and to be performed wholly within such State, and without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.

In this regard, it is specifically understood and agreed that CONTENT PROVIDER will not during the Term of this Agreement take any action to exploit or otherwise use, reproduce, distribute, transmit and publicly display any of the Content via the internet to Universities and College students in the People's Republic of China except for the benefit of the COMPANY.

COMPANY may, in its unfettered discretion, terminate this Agreement at any time after first givingCONTENT PROVIDER ten (10) days advance notice thereof.

In consideration for the license of rights granted hereunder in the Current Content, COMPANY hereby agrees to issue to YGP 16,200 shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for which YGP will pay COMPANY the sum of $1.00 per share or $16,200 in the aggregate; NCM 3,000 of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for which NCM will pay COMPANY the sum of $1.00 per share or $3,000 in the aggregate and TWK 12,000 of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for which TWK will pay COMPANY the sum of $1.00 per share or $12,000 in the aggregate.

In addition to the foregoing, and subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable content agreement with such Licensor, COMPANY agrees to pay directly to each Licensor from whom CONTENT PROVIDER might obtain Content which CONTENT PROVIDER licenses to COMPANY pursuant hereto a royalty equal to that royalty which CONTENT PROVIDER might be obligated to pay to that Licensor with respect to the use and exploitation of that Content in the manner licensed to and actually used by COMPANY pursuant hereto provided, however, unless the Parties might agree in writing to the contrary, in no event will COMPANY be obligated to pay such Licensor for the use of such Content more than fifty percent (50.0%) of all revenues generated during the Term of this Agreement from banner advertising that appears on Web site pages that display that Content or any portion thereof and with respect to which at least a majority of the content (excluding advertisements) on such pages is composed of the Content (the "Net Advertising Revenue").

Each party hereby grants to the other a non-exclusive, limited royalty-free license to use its trademarks, service marks or trade names only as specifically described in this Agreement.

In this regard, it is specifically understood and agreed that CONTENT PROVIDER will not during the Term of this Agreement take any action to exploit or otherwise use, reproduce, distribute, transmit and publicly display any of the Content via the internet to Universities and College students in the People's Republic of China except for the benefit of the COMPANY.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, CONTENT PROVIDER hereby grants and assigns by means of present assignment to COMPANY and COMPANY hereby assumes for the Term of this Agreement (as set forth in paragraph 8, below), CONTENT PROVIDER'S rights and obligations regarding the Content from Licensors as set forth in Exhibit A with respect to the right and license for the territory of the People Republic of China to use, reproduce, distribute, transmit and publicly display the Current Content and the Future Content by means of the internet in accordance with Exhibit A and this Agreement.

CONTENT PROVIDER further grants to COMPANY (i) the right to sublicense the Content to COMPANY'S wholly-owned subsidiaries or to joint ventures in which COMPANY participates for the sole purpose of using, reproducing, distributing, transmitting and publicly displaying the Content in accordance with this Agreement; and, (ii) the right, in COMPANY'S discretion, to use and exploit the Content at one or more other web sites in addition to or in lieu of the web sites referred to in the recital above (the web sites referred to above and any other web sites in addition to or in lieu thereof where COMPANY, its subsidiaries or joint ventures in which it might participate might use or exploit the Content are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Web site").

COMPANY'S obligation for the payment of the Net Advertising Revenue shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement and will continue for as long as COMPANY continues to use the Content.

All books and records relative to COMPANY'S obligations to a particular Licensor hereunder shall be maintained and made accessible to that Licensor for inspection at a location in Los Angeles, California for at least twelve (12) months after termination of this Agreement.

The Licensors shall have the right, upon reasonable notice, to inspect COMPANY'S books and records and all other documents and material in COMPANY'S possession or control with respect to the Content each has or might license to CONTENT PROVIDER which becomes the subject matter of this Agreement (and only with respect to Content each has or might license to CONTENT PROVIDER which become the subject matter hereof).

IN NO EVENT WILL CONTENT PROVIDER BE LIABLE TO COMPANY NOR WILL COMPANY BE LIABLE TO CONTENT PROVIDER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TH  LIABILITY OF CONTENT PROVIDER FOR DAMAGES HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT

OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO, AND SHALL NOT EXCEED $31,200.00.

SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

Hydron

Dolphins

HYDRON TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

MIAMI DOLPHINS, LTD.

1st day of January, 1997

1st day of January, 1997

If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.

No party may assign any of its rights or obligations

hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, except that Hydron may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to its parent, its successor or to an affiliate (as such term is defined under the rules and regulations promulgated under the federal securities laws of the U.S.) upon the reasonable consent of the Dolphins that such affiliate assignee has the financial means and corporate authority to perform such obligations and Hydron may not withhold its consent to an assignment of this Agreement in the event of a merger or reorganization of the Dolphins, a sale of all or substantially all of the Dolphins' assets or a consolidation of the Dolphins with any of its affiliates or related parties.

The Dolphins shall, at its own expense, maintain in effect throughout the term of this Agreement, comprehensive general liability insurance policies with carriers of recognized standing, with limits of liability of at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000), governing any and all property damage and person injury (including death) arising out of activities covered by this Agreement. Hydron shall, at its own expense, maintain in effect throughout the term of this Agreement, comprehensive general liability insurance policies with carriers of recognized standing, with limits of liability of at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000), covering any and all property damage and personal injury (including death) arising out of activities covered by this





Agreement and shall obtain and maintain such additional insurance coverage as the Dolphins shall reasonably require with respect to any Sponsored Events or similar activities.

The Dolphins and Hydron further agree that they will not at any time do or cause to be done any act or thing, directly or indirectly, which contests or in any way impairs or tends to impair any part of the right, title and interest of the other in its Marks; and the Dolphins and Hydron shall not, in any manner, represent that it has any ownership interest in the other's Marks or the registrations therefor.

The Dolphins and Hydron agree that they shall not, either during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, directly or indirectly, contest the validity of the other's Marks or any of the registrations pertaining thereto, in the United States or elsewhere, nor adopt the other's Marks or any term, word, mark or designation which is in any aspect confusingly similar to the other's Marks.

Each of the parties agree that the foregoing indemnities also apply for the benefit of the NFL (and its affiliates), South Florida Stadium Corporation, the owner and operator of Pro Player Stadium and their respective officials, officers, partners, agents and employees, who shall be deemed third party beneficiaries of this Agreement for the purpose of enforcing these indemnity obligations.

WHOLESALE MARKETING AGREEMENT

S2K

S2K Financial LLC

Distributor

ALPS Distributors, Inc.

24t h day of August 2018

24t h day of August 2018

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.

This Agreement and the application and interpretation hereof shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of Colorado.

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.

No party to this Agreement has the right to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder, except as already set forth under this Agreement.

Any and all claims, losses, cost or expenses shall be limited to actual and direct costs.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no event shall S2K be entitled to receive fees or compensation that would cause a Fund's sales charges to exceed the maximum amount allowed under FINRA rules or applicable law.

In no event shall any party be responsible to the other for indirect, special or consequential damages.

AGENCY AGREEMENT

BRG Manager, LLC

Transaction Entities

Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC

Manager

Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc.

Agent

Operating Partnership

Company

Bluerock Residential Holdings, L.P.

May 25, 2016

May 25, 2016

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

Until the Settlement Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Agent by giving notice (in the manner prescribed by Section 9 hereof) to the Company, if (i) the Company shall have failed, refused or been unable, at or prior to the Settlement Date, to perform any agreement on its part to be performed hereunder unless the failure to perform any agreement is due to the default or omission by the Agent; (ii) any other condition of the obligations of the Agent hereunder is not fulfilled; (iii) trading in securities generally on the NYSE, NYSE MKT, or Nasdaq shall have been suspended or minimum or maximum prices shall have been established on either of such exchanges or such market by the Commission or by such exchange or other regulatory body or governmental authority having jurisdiction; (iv) trading or quotation in any of the Company's securities shall have been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or by the NYSE MKT, NYSE or Nasdaq or other regulatory body of governmental authority having jurisdiction; (v) a general banking moratorium has been declared by Federal or New York authorities; (vi) a material disruption in securities settlement, payment or clearance services in the United States shall have occurred; (vii) there shall have been any material adverse change in general economic, political or financial conditions in the United States or in international conditions on the financial markets in the United States, in each case, the effect of which is such as to make it, in the Agent's reasonable judgment, inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Securities; or (viii) any attack on, outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration of war or act of terrorism involving the United States or any other national or international calamity or emergency has occurred if, in the Agent's reasonable judgment, the effect of any such attack, outbreak, escalation, declaration, act, calamity or emergency makes it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the completion of the placement or the delivery of the Securities.

The Agent's aggregate fee for its services hereunder will be an amount equal to 3.15% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Offered Shares sold to Purchasers that are not affiliates of the Agent (such fee payable by the Company at and subject to the consummation of Settlement).

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8(d), the Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the  Series A Preferred Stock sold pursuant to this Agreement exceeds the amount of any damages which the Agent has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

The Transaction Entities and each of their respective Subsidiaries are insured by insurers with appropriately rated claims paying abilities against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary for the businesses in which they are engaged; all policies of insurance and fidelity or surety bonds insuring the Transaction Entities, their respective Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors are in full force and effect; neither of the Transaction Entities nor any of their respective Subsidiaries has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; neither of the Transaction Entities nor any of their respective Subsidiaries has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a similar cost as currently paid, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and the Company has obtained or will obtain directors' and officers' insurance in such amounts as is customary for companies engaged in the type of business conducted by the Company.

JOINT FILING AGREEMENT

BIA GP L.L.C.

BIP HOLDINGS MANAGER L.L.C.

PRAIRIE VCOC ACQUIROR LP

BLACKSTONE HOLDINGS III L.P.

PRAIRIE SECONDARY ACQUIROR LP

PRAIRIE ECI ACQUIROR LP

PRAIRIE NON-ECI ACQUIROR LP

PRAIRIE SECONDARY ACQUIROR E LP

BIA GP L.P.

BLACKSTONE INFRASTRUCTURE ASSOCIATES L.P.

February 19, 2020

PROMOTION AGREEMENT

King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

King

Each of Depomed and King is referred to herein individually as a "party" and collectively as the "parties."

Depomed, Inc.

Depomed

June 27, 2006

June 27, 2006

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").

The Term of this Agreement shall be extended for subsequent one year periods upon the mutual agreement of the parties, which agreement shall be set forth in writing (in which event a party that desires to so extend the Term of this Agreement shall notify the other party at least 120 days prior to the termination of this Agreement).

This Agreement will be construed under and in accordance with, and governed in all respects by, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law principles.

Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement (including Article XIII hereof) and subject to Section 13.1 hereof, King shall not promote, market or distribute any product containing metformin hydrochloride as the sole active ingredient in the Territory during the Term of this Agreement, other than the Product.

Depomed agrees to grant and hereby grants to King an exclusive option (exercisable at King's sole discretion by providing written notice of intent at any time, but in no event later than 180 days after the Effective Date) to obtain an exclusive license in the Territory to certain of Depomed's proprietary drug delivery technology in combination with both metformin hydrochloride and any other active pharmaceutical ingredients (a "Combination Product License").

If King notifies Depomed in writing within 180 days after the Effective Date that King desires to exercise its option to obtain a Combination Product License, King and Depomed shall promptly commence good-faith negotiations regarding a definitive agreement providing for the Combination Product License, for a period of 60 days or such longer period as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties in writing; and it is agreed that, as part of such good faith negotiations, the parties will discuss, for inclusion in any definitive agreement, appropriate non-compete obligations for each party with respect to any product containing metformin hydrochloride as an active pharmaceutical ingredient.

If Depomed and King fail to enter into an agreement for the Metformin Product Rights prior to the expiration of the Negotiation Period, then Depomed shall thereafter have the right to negotiate and enter into an agreement with a Third Party granting the Metformin Product Rights to a Third Party; provided that, for a period of 6 months, any such agreement may not be on terms and conditions materially more favorable to the Third Party than the terms and conditions last offered by King prior to the termination of discussions with Depomed.

If King is interested in obtaining the Metformin Product Rights, it shall so notify Depomed in writing prior to the expiration of the Evaluation Period, and upon Depomed's receipt of such notice King and Depomed shall promptly commence good-faith negotiations, for a period of 30 days and such longer period as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties in writing in the event the parties have made material progress in the negotiations (the "Negotiation Period"), regarding the commercially reasonable terms of an agreement pursuant to which King shall obtain the Metformin Product Rights.

If Depomed and King fail to enter into such a definitive agreement during such period, then Depomed shall thereafter have the right to negotiate and enter into one or more agreements with Third Parties related to Depomed's proprietary drug delivery technology in combination with both metformin hydrochloride and other active pharmaceutical ingredients; provided that, for a period of 6 months, any such agreement may not be on terms and conditions materially more favorable to the Third Party than the terms and conditions last offered by King prior to the termination of discussions with Depomed.

Depomed agrees to grant and hereby grants to King an exclusive option (exercisable at King's sole discretion by providing written notice of intent at any time, but in no event later than 180 days after the Effective Date) to obtain an exclusive license in the Territory to certain of Depomed's proprietary drug delivery technology in combination with both metformin hydrochloride and any other active pharmaceutical ingredients (a "Combination Product License").

Depomed shall notify King in writing in the event that Depomed desires to divest itself of its rights to the Product in the Territory (e.g., by asset sale or product license to a Third Party), or of its rights in the Territory to a product owned or controlled by Depomed containing metformin and another active pharmaceutical ingredient in combination with Depomed's proprietary drug delivery technology incorporated within the Product (currently referred to as the AcuForm technology) (a "Combination Product").

Any attempted assignment without consent shall be void.

This Agreement and the rights granted herein shall not be assignable by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other party.

Except pursuant to Section 16.9 or in connection with the use of Third Party Sales Representatives, King shall not assign, subcontract or otherwise transfer or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the express written consent of Depomed, which consent may be withheld by Depomed in its sole discretion.

Following the termination of this Agreement at the conclusion of the initial five year term or any additional term, for each of the eight full calendar quarters following such termination, Depomed shall pay to King an amount equal to, in each of the first four such calendar quarters, [***]% of the Net Sales for each such quarter and, in each of the fifth through eighth such calendar quarters, [***]% of such Net Sales for each such quarter.

In consideration for King's performance of its obligations under this Agreement, Depomed shall pay promotion fees (the "Promotion Fees") to King as follows: following each Agreement Quarter during the Term, Depomed shall pay to King 50% of the Gross Margin for such Agreement Quarter.

From and after the Promotion Commencement Date, King shall perform at least [***] PDEs per calendar year, with such amount prorated over the initial and final calendar years of the Term if either such year is a partial year.

Upon the third failure by King to meet the PDE Minimum during any six consecutive Agreement Quarters, Depomed shall have the right to [***] or demand that King shall cure such default in the same manner outlined in clause (i) above for the first such default.

In fulfilling its obligations under this Section 4.1(b), King will perform [***], as follows: King will perform no less than an average of [***], with such reach and frequency as the JCC determines as part of the Annual Plan each year.

In the event that King does not perform the PDE Minimum in any Agreement Quarter (the difference between such PDE Minimum and the number of PDEs actually conducted, the "PDE Shortfall"), King will have until the end of the Agreement Quarter immediately following to cure its failure by providing a sufficient number of excess PDEs in the immediately following Agreement Quarter.

If King does not perform, in the aggregate, two times the PDE Minimum in any two consecutive Agreement Quarters, Depomed may demand that King cure such default by (A) [***] and (B) [***], in each case, prior to the end of the next succeeding Agreement Quarter following notice from Depomed.

King agrees that from and after the Promotion Commencement Date, the King Sales Force will be staffed with at least [***] full-time Sales Representatives (subject to vacancies consistent with average vacancy rate experienced by King across its total sales force) who are actively promoting the Product in accordance with the Launch Plan or Annual Plan (the "Minimum Sales Force Level"); provided that King may meet such requirement to actively promote the Product by promoting the Product through P2 Details and P3 Details.

If, as of the end of any period of the immediately previous four consecutive Agreement Quarters, Promotion Net Sales for such period are less than $[***], either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on 120 days' prior written notice to the other party, which notice may not be given before the third anniversary of the Promotion Commencement Date.

King hereby grants to Depomed a non-assignable, non-sublicensable (except to any Third Party acting as the Depomed Sales Force), non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the King Trademarks in the Territory solely in connection with Depomed's Promotion of the Product.

Subject to this Section 4.8 and to applicable Legal Requirements, Depomed shall have the right to use Depomed Trademarks, and include the name "Depomed," "AcuForm," or any variation thereof on the Promotional Materials developed by Depomed in accordance with this Agreement.

Depomed shall, and does hereby, grant to King a royalty-free license to use and reproduce such materials solely in conjunction with its Promotion of the Product pursuant to this Agreement, which license shall not be assignable or transferable by King, except in accordance with the terms of Section 2.2.

Depomed hereby grants to King the non-exclusive right, during the Term, to use the Launch Promotional Materials supplied to King pursuant to this Section 4.4(c) in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

Depomed agrees to grant and hereby grants to King an exclusive option (exercisable at King's sole discretion by providing written notice of intent at any time, but in no event later than 180 days after the Effective Date) to obtain an exclusive license in the Territory to certain of Depomed's proprietary drug delivery technology in combination with both metformin hydrochloride and any other active pharmaceutical ingredients (a "Combination Product License").

During the Term, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Depomed hereby grants to King and its Affiliates and King and its Affiliates hereby accept a co-exclusive right to Promote the Product under the Depomed Trademarks in the Territory together with Depomed and its Affiliates only, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

Depomed hereby grants to King a non-assignable, non- sublicensable, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the Depomed Trademarks in the Territory solely in connection with King's Promotion of the Product in accordance with this Agreement; provided King may assign and sublicense such right and license in accordance with Section 2.2.

Depomed shall, and does hereby, grant to King a royalty-free license to use and reproduce such materials solely in conjunction with its Promotion of the Product pursuant to this Agreement, which license shall not be assignable or transferable by King, except in accordance with the terms of Section 2.2.

Depomed hereby grants to King a non-assignable, non- sublicensable, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the Depomed Trademarks in the Territory solely in connection with King's Promotion of the Product in accordance with this Agreement; provided King may assign and sublicense such right and license in accordance with Section 2.2.

King hereby grants to Depomed a non-assignable, non-sublicensable (except to any Third Party acting as the Depomed Sales Force), non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the King Trademarks in the Territory solely in connection with Depomed's Promotion of the Product.

During the Term, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Depomed hereby grants to King and its Affiliates and King and its Affiliates hereby accept a co-exclusive right to Promote the Product under the Depomed Trademarks in the Territory together with Depomed and its Affiliates only, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

During the Term and for a period of two (2) years after any expiration or termination of this Agreement, each party shall maintain (i) a commercial general liability insurance policy or policies with minimum limits of $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate on an annual basis and (ii) a product liability insurance policy or policies with minimum limits of $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate on an annual basis; provided that the minimum product liability policy limits set forth above shall be increased to at least $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate on an annual basis no later than December 31, 2006.

Following the termination of this Agreement at the conclusion of the initial five year term or any additional term, for each of the eight full calendar quarters following such termination, Depomed shall pay to King an amount equal to, in each of the first four such calendar quarters, [***]% of the Net Sales for each such quarter and, in each of the fifth through eighth such calendar quarters, [***]% of such Net Sales for each such quarter.

This right to audit shall extend throughout the term of this Agreement and for one year after expiration or termination of this Agreement.

The fees and expenses of the auditor performing such verification examination shall be borne by the party conducting the verification; provided, however, that if any verification reveals that the audited party has reported incorrectly, and the amount of such discrepancy is at least five percent of the aggregate amount that should have been reported for the period examined, then the audited party shall pay the entire amount of the fees and expenses for such verification.

Upon 30 days prior written notice, such records shall be made available by the audited party for audit by an independent certified public accounting firm designated by the other party and reasonably acceptable to the party whose records are to be examined.

The auditor will only examine such books and records during business hours but not more than once each fiscal year while this Agreement remains in effect and for three years thereafter in order to verify expenses, Net Sales, Depomed Net Sales, PDEs or Details completed, or payments due under this Agreement.

This right to audit shall extend throughout the term of this Agreement and for one year after expiration or termination of this Agreement.

The audit will be conducted during normal business hours, at convenient times.

Any such audit may be conducted no more than once each fiscal year. The fees and expenses of the auditing party shall be borne by such party.

Each party shall have the right, upon five business days' prior written notice, to audit all applicable records of the other party (other than records described in Section 7.2(a)) for the purpose of determining the audited party's compliance with the obligations set forth in this Agreement, including with respect to training programs and certifications and records reports for the Samples.

In the event that a Depomed Supply Failure occurs, notwithstanding its compliance with its obligations under Section 6.1, to fulfill all orders for the Product generated by King activities in a timely and efficient manner, upon written notice to Depomed (a "King Manufacturing Notice"), King shall have, and hereby grants King, exercisable only in accordance with the provisions hereof, the right, but not the obligation, to manufacture, or have manufactured, the Product on behalf of Depomed, at Depomed's expense, including expenses related to the technical transfer of the Product, and Depomed will provide reasonable assistance to King in connection therewith, including by transferring or licensing to King all Technology necessary or useful to give King the capability of manufacturing the Product so that King can undertake manufacture of the Product; provided, however, that Depomed shall not be required to reimburse King for more than [***] percent ([***]%) of Depomed's standard cost for such Product.

NEITHER KING NOR DEPOMED (WHICH FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION 11.2 SHALL INCLUDE THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS) SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER FOR ANY PUNITIVE DAMAGES, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, RELATING TO OR ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SUCH DAMAGES MAY HAVE BEEN FORESEEABLE; PROVIDED THAT SUCH LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY IN THE CASE OF FRAUD OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT.

Except as set forth above, Depomed shall be under no liability whatsoever to compensate King or make any other payment to King for any decision to recall, initiate a market withdrawal or take any other corrective action with respect to the Product.

comparable company coverage and insurance availability. Depomed will share such analysis with King

During the Term and for a period of two (2) years after any expiration or termination of this Agreement, each party shall maintain (i) a commercial general liability insurance policy or policies with minimum limits of $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate on an annual basis and (ii) a product liability insurance policy or policies with minimum limits of $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate on an annual basis; provided that the minimum product liability policy limits set forth above shall be increased to at least $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate on an annual basis no later than December 31, 2006.

Furthermore, Depomed will undertake to direct its insurance broker to conduct an analysis to determine the appropriate level of product liability insurance with respect to the Product to be maintained by Depomed, which analysis will be conducted prior to Depomed's next insurance renewal, currently scheduled to occur in October 2006.

Such analysis will include, among other considerations, product risk characteristics, product litigation history,

Upon request, each party shall provide certificates of insurance to the other evidencing the coverage specified herein.

Depomed recognizes King's title to the King Trademarks, and shall not at any time, during or after the Term, do or knowingly suffer to be done any act or thing which will in any way impair the rights of King in or to the King Trademarks.

Depomed acknowledges and agrees that it shall not acquire and shall not claim any title to the King Trademarks adverse to King by virtue of the rights granted under this Agreement or through Depomed's use of the King Trademarks, it being the intention of the parties that all goodwill and improved reputation generated by Depomed and use of the King Trademarks shall inure to the benefit of King.

King acknowledges and agrees that it shall not acquire and shall not claim any title to the Depomed Trademarks adverse to Depomed by virtue of the rights granted under this Agreement or through King's use of the Depomed Trademarks, it being the intention of the parties that all goodwill and improved reputation generated by King and use of the Depomed Trademarks shall inure to the benefit of Depomed.

King recognizes Depomed's title to the Depomed Trademarks, and shall not at any time, during or after the Term, do or knowingly suffer to be done any act or thing which will in any way impair the rights of Depomed in or to the Depomed Trademarks.

ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

North

Andy North

Golfers Incorporated

Company

21s t day of February 2011

February 21, 2011

"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.

The Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Florida in the United States of America,  and venue for any such legal action shall be in the Circuit Court or County Court in Orlando, FL or the U.S. District Court having jurisdiction  over Orlando, FL.

During the Term of this Agreement and within the  Contract Territory, North agrees not to enter into an agreement with another company or entity for the purpose of endorsing or promoting  products similar to the Endorsed Products.

Company and North shall at all times deal with each other in good faith and strive to maintain and enhance each other's positive  image and reputation.

Neither party to this Agreement shall assign the rights and benefits herein without the prior written consent of the other party.

In addition to payments due North by Company as set forth in paragraphs 7.a. above, Company further agrees to pay North  a one percent (1%) royalty on all Gross Revenue generated from the sale of all Company Products (herein "Royalties").

In consideration for the rights, services and benefits granted by North hereunder,  Company agrees to pay North a non-refundable Guaranteed Service Fee and Marketing Retainer (hereinafter referred to as "Guaranteed  Fee") of fifty-five thousand dollars ($55,000USD) in Contract Year 2011 and seventy thousand dollars ($70,000USD) in Contract Year  2012.

North agrees to make one (1) Production Appearance on behalf of Company during Contract Year 2012  for the purpose of producing either new or updated Advertising Materials. Sa

The voice over  appearance shall take place at North's personal residence or at another mutually agreed upon location in Wisconsin, and shall not  exceed two (2) hours in duration.

North agrees to make one (1) Production Appearance on behalf of Company during Contract Year 2011  for the purpose of producing the following: (1) one 30-minute infomercial; (2) one 30-second television commercial; (3) one  demonstration dvd on how to use the Endorsed Product. (4) product testimonials and (5) still photographs for print  advertisements and packaging (hereinafter referred to as "Production Appearance").

Should Company request for North to conduct Additional Production/Promotional Appearances and North agrees to  appear, Company shall pay North an additional fee for such appearance(s) as set forth in paragraph 6.d. below. North has no obligation  to make such appearance.

Subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement, North hereby grants to Company the right and privilege  to use North's Likeness and North's Endorsement during the Term and within the Contract Territory in all reasonable forms of advertising  including, but not limited to television (including the infomercial format), radio, print advertising, brochures, pamphlets, product packaging,  point-of-purchase materials, Company's  web-site and a demonstration video (hereinafter referred to as "Advertising Materials")  in connection with Company's advertisement and sale of the Endorsed Product only.

Said books and records shall be maintained for a two (2) year period following the expiration or termination of  this Agreement.

Company shall make said books available to North or North's representative on reasonable notice during  the Term of this Agreement and the two (2) year period immediately following thereafter.

Company agrees, at its own expense, to obtain and maintain general comprehensive liability insurance, with an insurance  company that has a rating of A++ (per AM Best), insuring North as a "named insured party", against any claims, suits, losses and damages  arising out of or caused by Company's use of North's Likeness.

Such insurance policy  shall be maintained with limits of not less than two million dollars ($2,000,000).

A copy of such insurance policy shall be provided to North within thirty (30) days after execution of this Agreement.

